We're gonna start with Jotun charts. So the key components of a Jotun chart are obviously the chart, the legend, and then the left row, which we call the query builder. The query builder allows you to select an event or metric. So in this case, we select the purchase event. And then also choose aggregations. So aggregations allow you to kind of, on the fly, change what your what question you're asking and what kind of answer you're gonna get. Right? So in this case, we are looking at purchase events, and I'll get rid of this for now. Looking at the purchase events that have occurred in the product over the last thirty days, you can quickly change the time range to, say, ninety days, and we're getting a count of the purchase events. And so this is just saying, hey. For every time we see a purchase event, count one and increment. Right? So this says we have we saw six point six seven thousand purchase events on July thirteenth, and we could generally see the trend is ticking upwards. What's nice about a product analytics product is that it allows you to kind of extend common questions that you might have about your product or how users are using your product in really nice, interesting, and ad hoc ways. So now if I want to see the number of unique people purchasing, I can simply switch to that here by changing the aggregation from counts to uniques. I could also see things like counts per user, unique values of some property, the sum of some numeric property, the average of some numeric property value, and the percentile of some numeric property value. And I'll go and teach you those briefly soon. So let's first look at uniques. So now we're looking at the unique number of individual user IDs that we saw do a purchase event over this time period. But I could also switch that. And since our the aggregation is daily, this is per day, what is the unique, number of unique purchasers. I can also switch that to answer the question how many weekly unique users are doing this or how many monthly unique users are doing that simply by double clicking here. And now what I'm looking at is each day over the last seven days, because we chose weekly active users, how many unique weekly purchasers did we see over that trailing seven day period? We could also do the same thing for something like monthly. And now we're asking and answering a completely different question. Some of the other aggregations we have are counts per user. So this is helping answering the question, how many times did a user do this event? The ave or the average or whatever percentile you choose, user do this per event over this time period. So right now, we're looking at the average count per user, and we can see that the average user who did the event at least once did it about one point o four five times. But you can switch that to say, okay. What about the p ninety ninth user? How often are they doing purchase events? About two. And we can do this for, say, like, the median as well. And the median is one across this entire time range. We can also do things like the sum of property values on this purchase event. So an event can be thought of as kind of some activity that's happening within your app. And then you can also supply context about that activity. And those, you can think of as the properties that we have here. So on the purchase event event, one of the piece of context that we always provide is the value of that purchase, and we log that in the value property. And I can do a sum of the value property over time, and we can see, hey. We're making about two hundred and fifty thousand dollars a day in revenue by summing the purchase event totals. If we wanted to see what the average purchase event looks like, we can do that by switching to the average aggregation, about thirty eight dollars. And then we can also do something like the p median or, let's say, p ninety purchase event value. And that looks to be much higher in the seventy nine, eighty dollar range. If we go back to the average purchase event value, this is a little jumps up and down. Some things that we can do to kinda make this chart read a little better is we can one, I noticed right now we're not showing the y axis starting at zero. That's a preference that we've kind of been opinionated about. We allow you to toggle that to start at zero, which changes how the chart reads a bunch. But even if it doesn't start at zero, we can smooth things out by doing things like providing a rolling average or rolling sum. And this lets you kind of smooth out the data over some number of data points. Generally, we use data points that are multiples of seven to kinda get away from any weekly seasonality. That way, you might see in the product. So looking at over twenty eight days or roughly four weeks, this is what the rolling average looks like. Now let's go back to just looking at counts. Here, you can also do a couple things like compare the value to some period ago. So if we wanna know, like, hey. Is what does the count of purchase events look like compared to a week ago or twenty eight days ago or my favorite, just the last period? So it takes this time range engine just shows you what the period before looks like as well. You can see that purchase events were much lower ninety days ago than they are now, which helps us confirm that things are trending up. Another great thing that you could do here is right now we're kind of comparing them as separate series. But if you just wanna know the percent difference between the two things that you're comparing, you can click this view. And now what we're looking at is saying, okay. Compared to each day a period ago, what is the percent difference? And you can see that that, generally, the percent difference is much greater over the last ninety days than it was over the previous ninety days, and we can tell you by exactly what amount. Another thing that you can do is break down any event so that you can compare kind of different groups or different context against each other. So, for example, we log country as an interesting context in all the purchase events, and we can go and see what the count of PURCH event looks like split out by each country. Notice that we have some events that are coming up with an empty country field, and I just wanna exclude that so I can click that here. And what that does is just add that filter. So add a filter of country and says none of empty and excludes that here. So I'm only looking now at the countries or the participants with a valid country logged on it. But by grouping this, we can now directly compare different the the amount of purchase events across these different groups. If that was OS, we can also do that as well. And then we can also see how many how many purchase events different products are because for each purchase event, we're logging in the product, and we can do that here just as quickly. So this is a messy view because we have a ton of purchase events. We're we have twenty five series here, and we have all all these products. To make this easier to understand, you can switch views. Right? So we have a bunch of different views. A stacked line might be useful here because then it shows you each series as a a proportional width of the total. But you can also do things like stacked bars and then maybe more appsly things like a table view. This table view now is looking at the total purchase events across this entire period. It is a cumulative view, and it's a lot more readable now as a table as compared to twenty five series on top of each other. If we did it once the line chart view, though, we can make this more manageable by scoping it down to maybe the top five products and very easily seeing that here and kinda being able to highlight them separately. Another great thing that we do in Static is because we are all in one platform. We don't limit you to just being able to segment by things like property. You can also do things like segment by folks in a feature gate, experiment, or hold out group. So now we'll look at purchase events split out by folks who have this new feature gate, and folks who don't have it. So false and true. People who have it, there are a lot more purchasers than people who don't. But maybe we wanna actually we haven't rolled it out quite evenly. So to adjust for that, you might wanna do something like count per user to see how the purchasers are if having the new feature changes how people are person. One other thing that you can do is filter to interesting cohorts. So sometimes you just want to focus your analysis to people with certain properties or demographics. You can do that. So if I wanna filter my analysis to just Android or iOS users, I can do that very easily. And another interesting thing that you could do is see exactly what people are doing when they do a purchase event, and we call it session streams. So this allows you to do something like click select a a a certain point of time and then view session streams that included this event. A session stream is just a series of events that people do while using your product. A session is defined as thirty minutes of activity or activity with no more than thirty minutes of inactivity. So we can now see all of the events that happened in this session that led to the purchase, and we can jump to different users. So these are all users on the left, and see the see what they are typically doing as they get to this purchase event event. This is really useful for debugging when you think people are going to kind of go down one path and they end up doing something else. Or if you're seeing, like, a big spike in some error event, you can see a lot of what people were doing right before that thing started happening. The last thing I'll get into on metric drawdown are cohorts. Cohorts allow you to define groups. It allows you to group your users by behavior instead of just properties, but you can also use properties as well. So you can define actually, let's go to a really predefined cohort. Let's grab something like our power users or our yeah. And we can go and look at the actual definition of a cohort. So this behavior for this one is folks who have done a product view in the last thirty days, but did product views zero times in the thirty days ending thirty days ago. So these are folks that we're calling resurrected because they weren't active before, and all of a sudden, now that they're active again. You can also add things like filters on this. So you can scope this to just folks on Android or iOS to your heart's content. You can combine events like we have here. It doesn't have to be scoped to just one event. And you can select whether or not they should meet all the criteria or any of the criteria, essentially an and versus no or. Adding one one cohort filters to that set of people, and then adding a second cohort. Let's do casual users, then compares, those users those two cohorts against each other. And and a cohort that you define in one service area can be used in another, and this is a great segue into funnels.