Hi. I'm Makin, a product manager here at Statsig. I'm here to give you a quick overview of Statsig product analytics, which is purpose built to help you make better product decisions and ship more successful products. Statsig product analytics exists in the analytics portion of and is divided into two major services, dashboards and metric explorer. Dashboards allow you to analyze the results of your explorations in order to communicate a data driven narrative and also helps you tracking important metrics for features and products that you care about. Behind each widget on a dashboard is a product analytics exploration. Here in our demo environment, we have an ecommerce site, and we can see things like total purchases, how often people are adding to cart, and how many people are doing purchase events. We can also see things like conversions through funnels, retention, and even user journeys. In Metric Explorer, organize our charts that enable you to answer specific types of questions about how people are using your product. These include trends and engagement, conversion through funnels, retention, user journeys, and the distribution of specific values. Here inside Metric Drill Down, which we use for trend analysis, we are powered by the exact same events that power your experience and feature gates. You can choose events and then also change how you count those events. Right now, we're looking at the count of purchase events over time, but we could also look at how many unique people are making purchase events or even do things like understand the average purchase value. Here in funnels, we can see how people are converting through funnels, and we have a lot of information about, like, specifically how people are converting. In retention, we can see how often people are coming back to your product due specific actions in order to understand how sticky certain features or products are. And because we're integrated with things like feature gates, you can split out your retention analysis by people who have certain features and people who don't. Here in user journeys, you can analyze how people get to specific portions of your product or where people go afterwards. And Distributions allow you to understand distribution of specific values, including things like frequency, the distribution of certain event property values, or aggregated property values of events. We hope you now have a better sense of the types of questions you can answer with Statsink Product Analytics, and we hope you get to try it out soon.