My name is Ben. I lead our account management team here at Statsig. We're excited to talk to you about one of our favorite topics and one of our our deepest product areas, experimentation. We've also got Tyler with us today. Tyler is an engineer on our enterprise engineering team. That means he has built our product. He has worked with hundreds of customers now getting up to speed on Statsig and building a culture around experimentation. We're really gonna dive deep in that today. We've done some previous sessions around setting up Statsig using our SDKs, getting events and data in building a metrics catalog, all foundational elements of Statsig to then get to this point of running rich experiments and really getting the most out of the platform. But we're going to be talking about how to create and manage these experiments, how to target different variations to test out multiple different experiences for a new product that you're releasing. We want to coach you through once we manage it and we start to see results. How am I going to interpret the results of that experiment against the metrics I care about? We're going to think about how we avoid interaction detection or interaction effect across multiple experiments with mutual exclusivity, when we should care about that and some myths that I'm sure Tyler is thinking about debunking as well. And then some really cool meta analysis at the end of how we measure the aggregate impact of our work, whether in a single experiment, potentially even across a whole portfolio. I won't put too many words in your mouth, Tyler, but thank you again for taking time with us today. All yours. Yeah, super excited to be chatting about all of this. Thanks, Ben. This is really like our core bread and butter. So it's one of our favorite, favorite topics to talk about is how to think about running good experiments, how to run those in Statsig and just really get the most out of that. So yeah, we'll actually be diving into the product for pretty much all of this session. Once we hop off of this agenda slide, we will be walking you through, okay, how do I go from creating an experiment to actually doing some readout of that to understand the results? And then also we'll be touching on a lot of these hairy, thorny questions of, Oh, how do I think about interaction effects? When should I be more afraid of those? When should I be less afraid of those? Things like that. And really just how you can start to build the foundations of thinking about this as an experimentation program, so to speak, across multiple things that you're doing.