Lots of teams arguably, most teams these days actually aren't launching products in this iterative data driven way. And as a result, the impact is that they're actually leaving money on the table. So let me break that down and explain why. So, on the left here, it's pretty intuitive that some features are naturally going to be winners and some aren't. Ronnie Cohabi, who is a very well seasoned kind of product experimentation guru, has written extensively about his experiences across a variety of different companies like Microsoft, Airbnb, and Amazon. And he's kind of observed this consistent rule of thirds is what he calls it, where most companies don't have an experimentation hit rate above thirty percent. So that means that a third of your features are going to be winners. A third are gonna be neutral at best, maybe require some iteration to become positive. And then a third of your features that you launch are actually bad. They're bad for your top line metrics. They're hurting things. And so let's pretend you didn't experiment, you didn't measure the impact of your launches and you just shipped everything. At a top line, your metric curve might look like this. But under the hood, each time you're shipping a poor performing feature without realizing it, there's active degradation of your top line metrics. So imagine instead of just blindly shipping everything, you started to use data to determine which of your features are winners and which aren't so great. And you only launched the winners and rolled back all the features that weren't very well performing. Well, you might actually shift your top line metric trajectory in a meaningful way. And so if you're not doing this as a company today, you're leaving money on the table. And smart companies realize this and make sure that they're being super data driven with how they build and only launching their winners. So before we hop into the nitty gritty of how you get from blindly launching everything to being super methodical and data driven, I think it's helpful to paint a picture of what the ideal end state looks like. Like what really constitutes a great experimentation culture? So, oftentimes when people think of great experimentation cultures, they think of the FANG companies or MANG or whatever they're called these days, I can't keep up. These companies run every launch like an experiment, They reliably make decisions to roll out or roll back their features using data. And they actually empower their entire company with data to the point that impact kind of becomes this shared language of prioritization. However, that said, that's great, it's wonderful, but these companies also have access to unparalleled resources like custom in house tooling for experimentation needs and whole teams of data scientists embedded within different product orgs. And so this can kind of feel like unattainable end state for a lot of companies who aren't maybe FANG level resourced. Good news though is that more than ever, this flavor of data driven experimentation culture isn't just siloed into the FANG companies. At Statsig, I've worked with companies like Rack Room who go from zero to one hundred and fifty experiments a year, or Notion who went from single digit to hundreds of experiments per quarter. And a whole plethora of other startups or small mid sized companies like Lime or whatnot are OfferUp who just meaningfully increased their experimentation velocity without having to invest a ton in this kind of in house tooling stack. So, that's FAANG, that's what good looks like. But how would you define that more broadly? What are the attributes that make up good experimentation cultures? Well, in my experience, I think we've seen three things that are true if you've built a great experimentation culture. The first is that decisions are going be made using data in a distributed bottoms up way across the company. The second is that outcomes are going be measured on both short term, I. E. Experiment level, and then longer term like quarter or half or even year long time horizons. And then the third is that data will be seen as empowering. It's not a nice to have, but like a true need to have. It is part of the core cultural fiber of a company. So, let's double click on each of these a little bit. So, the first distributed decision making at scale. Have you ever been at a company where your work is blocked on someone because they haven't approved a decision or they have to run it up the chain to get leadership to approve, this is basically the opposite effect of distributed decision making at scale. When companies have a truly distributed bottoms up culture, good tooling enables easy measurement and quantification of outcomes so that people are talking in a shared language and can make easy decisions. When you have data it's pretty easy to say, is this good? Is this bad? Should we ship? Should we not? There's no blocking on someone's opinion or waiting on someone higher above you to make a decision. And what's cool about this is if this is done well, teams actually become self optimizing. So once they know what they're being measured on and what they're optimizing for, they can pivot to actually build based on new inputs and results as they come in versus waiting on leadership to set direction top down once a quarter or once a half or whatever the planning cadence is. The last thing that's kind of neat here is that the structure of the organization starts to change when data is deployed. So teams start to own outcomes like key metrics, not product surfaces. And so a team might touch seven different product surfaces or different things in different organizations because that enables their goal even though they don't own those product services. So, it kind of shifts how the organization actually functions day to day. Second is that outcomes are measured on both short and long term time horizons. So, in an ideal world, teams are constantly thinking about impact, but they're not just like juicing for short term impact. I'm sure folks have seen folks who kind of try to game things with a quick win experiment at the end of the half. That's not the ideal state. Teams are measuring the impact of individual week long experiments, and those are kind of individual data points, but then they're also running a long term holdout across all their feature launches experiments. And the holdout will help them quantify the true impact of their changes in aggregate over this longer term time horizon. Holdouts are really interesting. Every company does them differently, but often they're configured as like a team level holdout or an org level holdout over the period of whatever the business measures, whether it's quarters or halves or even year long. And then they help this team justify their impact at the end of the half and help plan for the next half. In extreme cases, companies might actually set up very long term holdouts. If they're launching a set of features they're worried might be detrimental to the user experience, they might do this. Or they just want to see interaction effects amongst different launches over time. An example here that I always find fun is Facebook actually had an ads holdout for ten plus years. One percent or so of people actually, those lucky people did not see ads on the Facebook platform at all. And I think that's a testament to Facebook's true commitment to being data driven because that's a lot of revenue they were leaving on the table running that holdout. They were willing to do it to see, hey, let's make sure we're not degrading the experience too much for these folks. And then last but not least, data is seen as empowering. In organizations where data isn't being used as the common language, it comes down to a matter of opinion when you're making a final decision. Who speaks the most confidently or worse, who's the highest paid person in the room? The so called hippo. That's a Ronny Kochavi term, which I always enjoy. When you have data, this culture can't thrive. It just doesn't work. A Healthy experimentation culture fosters discussion around experiment wins and losses. And people actually love launching experiments that aren't good, that are losses, because they can be learned from, can take those learnings and we can integrate them into future experiments. Iteration is encouraged and celebrated and people view impact ultimately as the key to success and don't just talk about, hey, I launched ten things. They say, hey, I had a one percent impact on DAO or revenue. One kind of final end state here that I find interesting is when impact is such a shared language that people actually start incorporating it into their performance reviews. So at the end of the half, when you're talking about what you did that half, you're talking in terms of, hey, I had X impact based on these ten experiments or based on this holdout group. So that's an image of end state ideal nirvana, what does good look like. But experimentation cultures aren't built overnight. And so I think the next natural question obviously is how do you get there as an organization? So at Satsig we've kind of mapped out this journey in a framework called Walk, Jog, Run, Fly. And each phase has a series of activities that you can do and expected outcomes to achieve when you've kind of completed each phase. So let's dive into it and actually take a look at what each of these phases entail. Alright, phase one, walk. One is all about building a data baseline. You might be coming from zero metric coverage or very shallow metrics like just clicks or page views or kind of website engagement metrics. And this phase is about improving that baseline to understand your core product and business metrics. So, do you do this? You start by thinking about your business's North Star metrics. Are you a B2B SaaS company? Then maybe you should bubble everything up to ARR. Are you a daily habit consumer app? Maybe then in that case you care most about DAO or daily active users. So, you're going to want to figure out what your North Star is and then you want to define a key set of growth metrics around this. So, that's DAU, Wow, MAU or growth accounting metrics, retention curves, key funnels. The thing to note here is that these might be user level metrics if that's your key unit of optimization or business level, domain level, right? Like if you're a B2B SaaS company, maybe you care about number of new domains on the platform. You should be tailoring this unit to whatever your business cares about most as reflected in those North Star metrics. The next step is how do you drive awareness and ownership of these metrics on your team. It's one thing to go create a pretty dash, but if no one checks it, it doesn't do much value for the organization. So, create the dashboard, send a daily report, get teams eyes on these every single day. Check-in on these metrics and sprint planning. Do whatever you need to do to kind of get the team engaged with them and thinking about their impact in terms of these metrics day to day. The next thing that is kind of part of this walk phase is choosing tooling actually to automate away much of the extra work and overhead associated with experimenting. So, choosing a good experimentation tool will either replace your data science team, or if you don't have one, create kind of a data science function. Or if you do have a data science team, scale them by automating away a lot of the repetitive day to day work associated with just experiment analysis, which frees them up to do more fun interesting one off explorations. Another thing that a good experimentation tool does is it actually creates the right hooks in daily, weekly, monthly behaviors. So it might email you when your experiment has hit target duration so that you're not constantly peeking at it. Or it might send you kind of a weekly update of how things are progressing or how your key metrics are doing. So it kind of takes some of the mental load of having to go into the tool and check constantly and automates that away. And then the third thing that really good tooling can do is it actually democratizes access to being data driven and experimenting. It means that everyone on the team can be in there creating experiments. They don't have to route through a DS or file a ticket or wait in the queue to get data science resources. It just means that everyone can kind of be unblocked to move faster and participate in the experience end to end themselves. All right, phase two, jog. So, at this point, you've passed the walk phase, you've established your baseline metrics, you know have a tool instrumented, you're kind of getting up and running. Once you're here, you're going to want to start thinking about how you deploy that tool to put every launch behind a feature flag and start running things as experiments. So, this is going to help you basically start to understand the impact of everything you launch so that you can start to only ship your winners and kill your losers. Remember the rule of thirds I was mentioning earlier, this is where this actually tactically starts to come into play because you're gonna start to see, okay, this feature is doing well, launch. This feature is not doing well, roll back. And just starting to scale this as a practice for every launch is key here. And the other thing you're gonna start doing in this phase is you're actually gonna level up from the basic feature flagging type experiments into full blown experimentation. So what do I mean by that? Well, you'll actually start to run product development cycles based on hypotheses instead of just random product decisions. And you'll slowly shift towards experiments being the bulk of your roadmap. The other thing you'll do here is you'll start to build a muscle around the life cycle of experimentation. So not just plugging in some things and running an experiment, but actually having an experiment design doc, maybe even establishing a template for your organization to standardize how people design experiments. Having an experiment review, you know, running the experiment and then having a share out post experiment review where you discuss learnings, next steps, etcetera, and then write those down somewhere to start building your experiment learnings library. Phase three. Let's talk a little bit about run. So in this phase, you're starting to seriously ramp up your experiment velocity and you might even be like 10x ing the number of experiments that you're running. So experimentation culture is not isolated here. It's like everyone across the organization is trying to experiment. You might have one team who started small and now they're starting to scale this broadly. You're going from, this is an actual screenshot we had of a customer where they had like seventy three experiments when they started in fall of twenty twenty two and they're up to kind of over sixteen hundred cumulative experiments today. And in eighteen months, that's pretty insane growth, but this is something where you start to see the whole organization leaning in and just launching experiment after experiment. The other thing that you're gonna start to do in this phase is it's actually gonna inform every part of your product development cycle. So it's not just come up with an idea, launch an experiment, but you're actually using analytics and data to understand the opportunities that you have as an organization. And then you're using that from opportunity identification through to feature rollout and success analysis. And then that actually feeds back into the learnings of what should we launch next. And so this kind of drives this virtuous loop where you're identifying a trend via analysis, targeting a feature rollout or experiment to address this trend, and then analyzing the impact of these changes to inform the next set of tests to run. Okay, finally, end state, lie. So in the fly phase, every product launch is an experiment. And experimentation starts to expand across your whole product stack. So it's not just UI UX experiments, but it's truly experimentation at every level from the front end to back end to infra to your underlying ML models. And so everyone across the org, every team, every layer of the stack is experimenting. You might be experimenting on pricing, recommendation algorithms, whatever you wanna optimize, you're running experiments. And then last but not least, all three of the conditions that we talked about at the beginning of the presentation are being met. So decisions are being made in a distributed way at scale, outcomes are measured on both a short and long term horizon. This screenshot actually, I was talking about holdouts earlier, this screenshot is of a product holdout in action. This might be the H1 product holdout for a given team. And last but not least, data is ultimately seen as empowering. People celebrate failures as much as they celebrate successes because you learn something and that's useful in and of itself. Actually on this, my favorite quote about celebrating failure is from Chamath Paliapatia, who was an early Facebook growth lead. He famously recounted on the Lex Friedman podcast about his time at Facebook growth. He said, I would celebrate teams. I would applaud these teams who ran twelve experiments and all twelve failed. And I thought this was pretty striking because if I imagine myself in those PM's shoes, I'd be mortified if I ran twelve experiments and all twelve failed. But look, for him this represented that they were valuing velocity and learning and that was enough. That was great. The last thing at this kind of fly stage that's worth calling out is that as you start to scale the corpus of your historical data, you're going to be able to deploy kind of cool things like meta analysis, where you can actually look at trends amongst your metrics and kind of your historical metric trends and start to identify where it's lucrative to experiment, metrics that have moved in the past with experimentation, and where it may not be worth your time even bothering to try to experiment. And so these kind of self learning, self reinforcing systems can start to thrive the more data you collect. All right, so that's the framework in a nutshell. I mean, everyone's team and organization starts at a different point in this progression. So, there's no shame in that. We talk to folks every day who are at different kind of entry points in this life cycle, But knowing what good looks like and what you're targeting, I think is really important. And then last but not least experimentation is a team sport we like to say. And talking to other organizations, talking within your organization amongst teams, like knowledge sharing on what works and what doesn't can really help you level up faster.