The other final thing I'll call out before we start talking about reading out the results of this, how do I, a, think about making sure this experiment is doing what I expect it to do before I start it and then after I start it? And so before I start it, this test button is going to be your home for accessing all that stuff. In particular, you can override identifiers to actually explicitly get an experience, and this will take precedence over the fact that the experiment is not started yet. So I can go ahead and say, like, hey. I know my user ID is one two three four five. I want myself right now to get control. And I could even do something and say, actually, I only wanna do that on staging tier. So I can say, hey. If you see user ID one two three four five, give it control right now on staging tier. This is really nice for dev teams, for QA people even. They can just force themselves into a variant, see that experience, make sure it looks good to their eyes. The sort of next tier of that usually looks something like enabling this experiment in lower environments. You can almost think of this as, like, starting the experiment, but not for your production tiers. So when you're initializing the Statsig SDK, one of the things that you pass into it is what environment you're running on. So is this a dev tier? Is this a staging tier? Is this a prod tier? Or whatever tiers you have that makes sense, UAT, QAT, etcetera. And you can go ahead and say, hey. If you check this thing on those environments, you should consider this experiment started and actually do the randomization the way you normally would. So this is a great way to make sure that, especially if you have something where your users or your internal users use your product on secondary tiers, internal tiers, you can go ahead and, like, start getting them randomly assigned into groups so you don't have to, like, pick and choose each person individually and actually just, like, have that experience live in the wild, the controlled wild, where you can have room for people to give, like, feedback on bugs and things like that. And then finally, you are generally speaking at the point where it makes sense to go ahead and start the experiment. And switching over to another one, just so it has some data in here. Once you go ahead and start that experiment, diagnostics sort of becomes your go to place for understanding the health of an experiment. This is not, is this change good for my product? That's results, and we'll talk a ton about that. This is, am I literally setting up the experiment correctly? I said this was gonna be randomized on user ID. Do I provide user ID? I said this was gonna randomize on stable ID. Do I provide stable ID? Things like that. I said this was going to be a fifty fifty test. Does it look like a fifty fifty test? This is doing a chi square test for normality across the different groups and the observed groups relative to what they're supposed to be. And so this is going to be an awesome way to call out like, hey. We think there's something sort of wrong or unfair about the way that users are getting allocated. And usually what this winds up being is there's something that's causing one of the groups to underreport. What that generally looks like is either that group is crashing at a higher rate, or for instance, you're doing a redirect test and some of those users are getting redirected before the exposure finishes firing of like, hey, this person checked this thing. Things like that tend to be what cause SRM to pop up here, sample ratio mismatch. And so you actually have a number of health checks that'll pop up here. This is also not showing all of them. Some of them will only show when it actually has problem just to not overwhelm. The other thing down here is you can actually go ahead and see actual live data coming through of who is checking this experiment, what group are they getting back, why are they getting that group back. You can even filter down to a specific user ID or users on specific device types, things like that. Just if you want to track down, hey. This person said they saw this experience. Does that line up with, like, what we think got served to them? And you can even check that out for nonproduction traffic too. But those tools are sort of like, okay. Am I, like, setting things up correctly to be able to get that fair assessment of am I moving things in the right direction?