The final thing I'll talk about before we dive too much into reading out results is, like, how do I actually understand if things are, like, going right? There's sort of two senses of going right. One is it, like, is this doing what I want it to do for my metrics? Again, we'll talk about that later. But the other one is just like, is this gate set up correctly? Am I using it right in Statsig or am I using it right in my code base? That's where diagnostics is really going to be your friend. Diagnostics has two main components that we'll talk about. The first are these health checks. These are a series of diagnostics that we'll be running on your gauge to help you ensure, is it doing what we expected it to do? Is it seeming to be set up in the right way? So the very first one that we'll talk about here is just like, is it getting checked? If your gate is seeing no exposures come through, no one is checking it, it's a little odd. We will just flag it as something that you should maybe keep an eye on. Totally possible that you just aren't intentionally haven't put in code yet. That is why it will default to being a little waiting sign rather than being like a big red X. But that is one that's just like, is this even being used? Beyond that point, again, we talked a lot about ID types. In particular, you have the ability to specify which ID type should matter for an experiment in terms of those rollouts. You're able to do targeting based on those IDs, like as criteria as well. You can do targeting for criterias based on identifiers that are not the main ones. So I could still do some rollout to a specific set of companies even if this is a user ID level gate. The user ID being there is what's actually going to determine when I say fifty percent, it's fifty percent of what? So it's actually very important that is there. This is checking that that is present. So we can also notice down here, those are present here. The final ones that I'll talk about here is just, like, when we do something like, say, hey. I'm doing a fifty fifty rollout. How do I actually validate that it's looking pretty fifty fifty? This is a sample ratio mismatch check where we're actually doing a chi square test on the observed number of users in testing control in true and false and seeing, like, is this aligned with sort of the the balance that you told us about? If it's not, that's a little unusual. Right? If you said, hey. This should be a fifty fifty split, and we look at the data and we're like, ah, it's looking a lot more like a seventy thirty split. It probably means that for some reason, the group that was thirty percent was supposed to have a lot more users who came back and told us about this. Sample ratio mismatch is a very common problem that does have a lot of causes. Common ones there include things like a redirect test or things like that, where some group is being moved to another surface before their logging can finish, things like that. There's sorts of different things you can do to help treat this, but it does vary case by case. This is here to flag, is that even happening? There's also good diagnostics in it that can tell you, like, is this different for different operating systems or for different countries in ways that can help you understand, like, what am I looking at? What am I dealing with here? The other thing I really want to highlight is the exposure stream here. This is a live feed of checks coming through with some dedupping applied to it. So you shouldn't expect every single check to be shown here. In particular, we will generally avoid showing the same user getting the same group for the same rule five times in a row, anything like that. So, again, don't be alarmed if you refresh the page and you don't see it come through as a brand new one. But this is sort of your way to understand, like, what is actually happening with my users right now in the real world. You can actually click on any of these, and you can see, a, who is this user? In this case, we can see it was a user, this ID, on Firefox, on Android, in the US, and they met the criteria for the English locale rule. And because of that, they failed. So we did not release this thing to them because they were in English. This allows you to debug things that, like, you're actually seeing in your end users, actually understand in practice, are things doing the things I expect them to, what things are actually present on that user object that I'm taking a look at, things along those lines. You can even do some sort of live filtering here to track down exactly the types of users we care about, whether that's I want to better understand some rule and say, I want to specifically take a look at the folks who were not part of any of our other rules, and this will do a live query here and get back some of those user IDs. If there's a specific user ID that I was hoping to track down, I can do that too where I can say, hey. I really wanted to see the results for user six zero one three five two. I can see that this user actually checked this thing twice, and they got back true both times for the same rule, which makes sense. And you can even do things like understand the reason why someone got back a rule. This is particularly handy if you're better trying to understand how your SDKs are interacting with this. Are we falling back to cache a lot because we couldn't get network to come through? Things like that are all sort of handy things that you can debug via this exposure stream in addition to just seeing that live traffic come through. You can also toggle over to the nonproduction traffic via this toggle if that is what you're looking to dig into. And then finally, you can take a look at the checks, the live, how much is this thing being checked, what are they getting back, are they getting back true or false, was that overall, is that per rule, etcetera. And you also have the ability to toggle over to unique users or raw number of checks. So, again, it might be totally expected that even for that fifty fifty gate, there are way more checks happening for true than there are for false because maybe true, that code path winds up checking it again. The thing that we care about, is it balanced, is, like, how many unique users are coming through? And truthfully, that's over the course of the lifetime of the gate, not on any given day, but this is a pretty good proxy for your own debugging. So those are a lot of the tools in your toolbox to better understand, is this gate healthy? Is this doing what I want it to do? And, again, we talked a ton about all the different ways we can set this thing up. We'll finally sort of talk through how do I go ahead and actually, like, compute results for this thing. I've talked a lot about how do I make sure that the gate is healthy. I've talked a lot about using it as an on off switch.