Hi, my name is Xing Qi. I'm a customer data scientist at Stasic. In this section of the course, we're going to talk about how to connect your data to Stasic, and how to create a new metric source within Stasic Console. Once you're on the metric source interface, under the data tab, you'll just click on the create button to create a new metric source. For example here, we're going to name something like, My First Blogging Event. You can also add a short description to provide more information, and you can also create a tag for it for better discoverability. Sometimes it's also helpful to attach the metric source to your team, for better governance and to manage the review process for any potential future changes in your metric source. Go ahead and click on confirm, and then you will be linked into the metric source creation interface. You have two options to connect your data table to Stasic. Either you can directly provide a table name, which provides a one to one mapping to a table that sits in your data warehouse. Or, you have the option to provide a query. This gives you flexibility and room for customisation. When you do use the query option, we highly recommend for you to use static date macros to speed up your query and reduce the computation cost. Now I have inputted my query, you can go ahead and click on the Run Query button. This will give you a preview of the table you just created, and it's a good way to cross check if everything looks correct to you. In general, you can use many different types of table as input as your metric source. It might be a raw event logging table, or you can also use an aggregated table that is aggregating data at the granularity that your business cares about. We also see some customers, they will directly use an aggregated metric table at per user per day granularity, and then build their metric on top of that. Moving on to the bottom section of the metric source setup, there are two mandatory fields you have to configure. The first one is a timestamp value and the other one is a unit ID, both of which will be used to join to the exposure events table for experiment analysis. In this case, I'm just going to pick TS as my timestamp column, and user ID as my configured static unit ID. You have the option to check the box to treat timestamp as a date, if that aligns with what your data is providing. By checking this box, you are basically telling Static that your data columns use a date rather than an exact timestamp. With this, Static will use the date of the exposure events instead of the precise timestamp when performing the join to the experiment exposures. Then you will be all set to create your new metric source.