I'll switch gears a little bit towards this other big hairy topic of interaction effects and how to think about all these different experiments I'm running, and how do I actually still get good readouts on them. The first thing I'll say is that our sort of house opinion, so to speak, is that many people are a little more afraid of interaction effects than they need to be. In general, you should feel some level of confidence that with your user base, as long as your user base is sufficiently large, you are actually getting a nice split of users in test and control where those users in those experiences are getting all of your other experiences randomly. And the differences between test and control really should be able to be attributed towards that experiment itself. That being said, we do think there are cases where you would have strong opinions that these two experiments specifically are going to clash with each other really hard and cause some unexpected behaviors or really strong behaviors. We sometimes see people come to us where they're like, oh, I want a user to be in one experiment at a time across my site. And we think those sorts of things are kind of just, frankly, unsustainable. You will just run out of users too fast to run a meaningful volume of experiments. If I want to run five experiments, each of them can only run on twenty percent of my user base. But for specific areas, that tends to be where we sort of start to think this sort of thing makes sense. For my left rail, for instance, right here, we do run experiments on this and how we think about it's like information hierarchy. If we're running five experiments, each of them have two groups. That is what, two to the five different versions of my left rail specifically. And that is just sort of a lot to conceptualize and think about as an engineer who is wanting all these experiences to play nice with each other. There might be cases where we actually know that they will conflict with one another. And we do want to test both of those out, but we want to try them on different audiences. And then where we're making a decision, we'll be very deliberate about which one we actually wind up shipping, but we don't necessarily feel like we have the space to include them in one experiment at a time as three versions of the same experiment. And so the answer to those types of things is layers. Layers are your way to say, hey, I actually want to have something where I will have a bucket or a set of experiments that are all mutually exclusive with one another. I do recommend these, like, map to some little part of your UI or things like that. And so with a layer, the way we accomplish this is actually via the allocation section. As mentioned earlier, this is a dial you can turn to say, like, what percentage of my users get this thing. If we have five experiments and we want none of them to have any overlap, like, pretty clearly, those five experiments allocations can't add up to more than a hundred percent together if they're all gonna be running at the same time. And so your allocation will get capped at how much space is left in the layer, so to speak. So right now, because I'm running some experiment on fifty percent of my users, I still have another fifty percent if I wanted to go ahead and run another experiment as part of this layer. And then all those layers, they're still equally able to have interactions with other experiments. It's just the ones in the set will have distinct mutually exclusive sets of users operating on top of them. The other sort of tangential thing to that in terms of talking about interaction effects is, like, for a lot of people, the most useful thing to do is actually just to quantify this, so to speak. It's less that, like, they view any interaction at all as unsustainable and more just, like, they want to understand how big those interactions are to, like, you know, inform in the future if they think they're unsustainable or things like that. And so one thing you can actually do is in an explore query, you can go ahead and say, want to run a query that is going to tell me about the interaction effect between this experiment and another experiment that I ran. It does have to be one with overlap and on that same unit type. And so when you run this query, you'll actually get back a few things. You'll get back a little breakdown of here's how many users were in each of those buckets of overlap, so to speak. And then the other thing you'll get is for each of those buckets, how did they perform for their metrics? And so that allows you to understand, okay. Like, I had, you know, one experiment with three groups. I had one experiment with two groups. Is one of those six options for test control test two and control test, is one of those six options actually really, really bad or really, really good that I should be aware of? So running that interaction effect detection is a really nice way to sort of put a name to the monster, so to speak, and understand what is actually happening here.