Hi. I'm Tyler Van Herren. I'm an engineer here at Statsig. And today, we're gonna be talking about testing out your gates, etcetera. How to go about doing that, how to make sure you're ready to actually start hitting production with your sort of Statsig powered code. The sort of most versatile tool in your arsenal is going to be overrides. It's a way to force a given experience for a given ID. So in particular, this usually looks like I am building something myself. I know what my ID is. In this case, it is because I have hard coded it in. I am user one two three seven, but it's probably just that you know what your ID is. Maybe that is specific to your dev environment, staging environment, whatever. But you have some way to identify yourself. And so a really common thing that you'll want to do is make sure that you have like, try out the experience in both of those flows. Right? That's a it's a pretty reasonable request. And so right now, if I check this gate, you'll notice I don't get this counter because I'm that feature hasn't been released yet. If I look at this, we have not rolled it out to subscribers yet. We have not rolled it out to everyone yet. No one has access to this thing, but I want it for me. I'm gonna go ahead and add an override. In particular, I am one two three seven. Maybe this is only for when the app is running on, you know, again, staging or product development environments. In this case, I know that for my demo app, IDs are are you are globally applicable across environments. So I can go ahead and add them. And now when I go ahead and save that, it should be the case that, yep, now I have access to this feature. So this is a really simple way for particularly developers or, like, QA teams to make sure they're trying out different experiences when they're trying to try out something live. There's sort of different paths you can go down for, like, for automated testing type purposes. But for just being, like, give me what control is seeing, give me what test is seeing, give me this feature, give me not this feature, you can use this to, again, override yourself into or not into different environments, things like that. The same is also applicable to experiments for what it's worth. You can very similarly go to manage overrides for the experiment and add yourself to one of those arms experiment to test it out. The other thing that will come into play for understanding, like, how healthy your experiment is or your gait is tends to be starting in lower environments. When you have one of these rules, you can select which environments this is applicable for. So in particular, let me go ahead and add some, like, development only where this will only pass users on the development environment, and then move this up to the top. Oh, move it up to the top. There we go. So now when I look at this gate, everyone on staging tier, on production tier are not going to have access to this feature, but everyone on development is. This is typically like the sort of next step. Once you've validated that it works for you, you start letting the other people at your company start seeing this thing before actually real people will see it on real environments. That environment is going to get set when you are initializing your SDK. Usually, it's just gonna be coming from an environment variable or something like that. But you'll pass it into the static options that you can pass into the static provider that is sort of wrapping your whole app and include environment and then what tier environment it is. The sort of out of the box ones from our perspective are going to be development, production, and staging. But if you have other environments that you also want, need, etcetera, like a QA environment or a UAT environment, things like that, you can go ahead and sort of create custom environments as well. Now this gate will only pass when this is actually development. We'll actually go ahead and filter down sort of the rule sets to find which rules are applicable to the environment that you've initialized with and and only respond with the the corresponding values. In addition to doing this for gates, similarly for experiments, you can also start them in lower environments before actually starting them in production. The final thing is, like, how do you actually go and make sure that an existing gate, etcetera, is looking healthy? That's where our diagnostics come into play. In previous videos, we've talked a lot more about sort of the exposure stream down at the bottom. This is like your in the weeds. I'm getting in there. I'm understanding what individual exposures look like, what rule they're getting, things like that. But we also have a number of health checks that run on top of all of your things. Sort of the most straightforward one is just like our checks coming through. Worth noting it is sort of per rule for gates. For experiments, less concept of rules. It's one set of health checks, but very similar set of things. And we'll do things like say, hey. Are checks coming through in general in production? When you're doing checks, are you including the unit type that you're supposed to? In this case, for this demo, I included a lot of checks where I didn't have a user ID. But given that this is a gate that randomizes on user ID, I should probably be including one. So that's where this health check would come into play. And then there's just things like, you know, are we seeing the right sorts of assignment reasons? We'll do things like check for sample ratio mismatch. If you configured a fifty fifty split and we're seeing that it has a twenty five seventy five split, that probably means something is wrong somewhere, and that's where that health check would fire as well. These health checks are really there to be your friend in terms of making sure you can check and understand if a gate is healthy. For gates that or rules that should have metrics. So places where I have some, you know, fifty fifty split like this one. We actually can have a control and test group going. We'll start to do things like check those sort of more metric specific ones. Are the user IDs that we're seeing lining up with the user IDs you have data for for metrics? If they aren't, it maybe means that thing we've seen is that people hash their IDs in one place and not in another. And it just means that the join isn't gonna be able to happen, right, to, like, say, test static value of x and control had a value of y. So these health checks are there to sort of be your friend, help you be aware of things early, get ahead of them, and sort of not waste days and then later realize, oh, shoot. We had a problem and we have to restart everything. That's sort of how you go ahead and test out your code for yourself or for, you know, a select group of dog fooders, etcetera, how you start running it in lower environments, and then finally, how you go ahead and make sure everything's looking healthy once it's sort of live in production. Thanks.