The first thing I wanna talk about are environments. It's often the case that when we're thinking about targeting, we want to think in terms of what people we're talking about, but also where this code is running. When you initialize the SDK, one thing that you're able to pass in is a tier. Is this a development environment? Is this a staging environment? Is this a production environment? We even have folks where they have multiple different flavors of production environments or perhaps they have a UAT tier and things along those lines. Environments allow you to scope down a given rule to only certain scenarios. So for instance, in this case, I am releasing it to everyone, but only if they are on my development or staging tier. We're not actually releasing it to anyone on production. This is, again, another tool at your disposal to really have that sort of fine grained control around who is actually going to see an experience or where people are actually going to see an experience as the case may be. The other sort of related thing to environments is our concept of reviews, which we won't go too deep into at this point. But when people are thinking through review flows, they have the ability to say which environments should require review. We want people to be able to move quickly on their development tiers. We don't really care that much around how they're configuring given rules as they're creating a new feature. We want their tool to move quickly, but we want there to be someone giving that sanity check, giving that stamp of approval before anything is affecting our production users. So we would do something like this where releasing this feature to only development or staging isn't going to require a new review. But when I start modifying the production environment, that's when it will start requiring a review. The other thing I'll call out here is that a lot of times, like, our goal is probably not, let's just turn this thing on right away for everyone and or turn it off right away for everyone. People often want to do things a little bit more gradually, whether that's just so that their infra has a chance to auto scale in response to something if it's causing more requests to come through or just to give us a chance to actually collect some data, which we'll talk more about later on. But