For an experiment, there's sort of a few key pieces we'll want you to come to the table with as we're getting started. So, if we do something like this, even before we dive in too much, one important thing that we'll highlight here is actually just what am I running this experiment on? What's my unit, so to speak? This is a important question, one that you probably won't change your answer to too much over time, but, like, an important one to consider as you're thinking about running this thing. And so this is, like, what are we actually using for randomization? For many people, they are running a site where their users never even log in, and it just makes sense to use a device or an anonymous, like, identifier. Our stable ID is a good option there. We will auto generate one, throw it in local storage, and it's just something you can use to identify the same person in general. But for many places where you do actually have a logged in user, it makes a lot more sense to go the user ID route so that you can actually make sure they are having a consistent experience device to device, things like that. So there's always this sort of question there of what does it make sense to use as my identifier of choice? And then we'll sort of get into a form that'll give us a lot of what we need to be thinking about, what we're going to be walking through as we're going through this process. And so we've chatted some in the past about gates where they're really designed over, I want to just roll this thing out, but I wanna do it safely and I wanna measure the impact, etcetera. For experiments, we really do think of this as, like, the primary objective is less I want to roll this thing out and more I want to learn about the impact of this change or of these changes as the case may be. And so, everything you'll see is centered around that idea, around learning being the primary objective. And so, this is where I like to ask people to think back to maybe middle school or secondary school science class. At least where I grew up, we had an acronym for the scientific method called PHEOC, where you have a problem, you have a hypothesis, you run an experiment, you observe, and then you draw a conclusion from that. And that's actually sort of gonna be the same process here. We are trying to run an experiment because we're trying to learn. And so we want you to come to the table of what your hypothesis is. What is the thing that we're testing in terms of, are we having this expected change or not? And so there's almost a crawl walk run of sorts even to thinking about hypotheses in terms of what information you can provide when we're talking about this that'll make this a better experiment, better experience, so to speak. The sort of zero level version of this is almost just like, I am making this change and just describing that change and not really giving much context over what you're expecting to move and then just looking at the results after. The reason we don't want you to do that is because it'll, like, make you more susceptible to false positives, so to speak. If you have fifty metrics, even if you're running an AA test, there's pretty good odds that one of them is going to show movement just due to noise. Your users are not perfect little automatons. So when we randomly divide them up, there will be noise, there will be differences between their groups. You are insulating yourself from that sort of effect by saying, hey, I want to look for this particular metric to move, not just, Did any metric move? Let's see everything that moved and look at the impact. There's actually even a good story there, I think from Roni Kahavi, where when he was at Bing, one of the exercises he would do for people in their first few weeks would be to just get a bunch of them in a room and give them an experiment readout, and then have them decide if they should ship or not ship this thing. And they would debate it for a bit. Some people would feel very passionately it should be shipped, some would feel very passionately that actually control should be shipped. And then at the end, he would reveal that it was just an AA test. There was no difference between those. And that's why a key part of even reading out results is just understanding what differences were we expecting, and then are we seeing those expected differences, not just are there any differences. Right? And so the sort of good baseline version of this is saying, I am making this change, and I expect this to increase this metric. I am actually coming to the table and saying, like, this is what movement I'm expecting to see. This is, you know, what change I'm making in the first place. It gets even better if we start to elaborate a little bit more on why and do something like this where, like, I am explaining why this makes sense for user behavior to be changing in this way instead of just, like, saying this thing is changing and then this is what we'll see. The things that we can do to even go above and beyond here are doing things like estimating what sort of movement we would expect to see if things are going the way we expect them to. If I am making a tiny, tiny tweak to some back end infrastructure, I might be trying to lower memory usage by, like, a percentage point or half a percentage point or something like that. If I am totally revamping our entire UI of the front end for the checkout flow, it might be a more dramatic shift that I'm looking to achieve with that. And coming to the table with even that sort of order of magnitude is quite useful. We definitely don't expect that people are going to have crystal balls they can look into and say, oh, this change is going to have a five point four three percent increase. Like, that is sort of an unrealistic expectation. But saying that I think this thing is going to double versus I think it's gonna go up by two percent is the sort of things we want to bring to the table. Is it gonna be a ten percent increase, a fifty percent increase, two percent increase, things like that? Just staking your claim a little bit on this is what we are hoping for, expecting to see, etcetera. Not that it will always align perfectly to reality, and that is part of where this is also more of an art than a science, in that your product intuition feeds really nicely with the experiments that you run. You run things, you measure their impact, that informs what you think those types of changes will do in the future and also informs future changes in a nice way. The next thing we'll be doing after we've gone and said, this is why we're making this change in the first place, which, again, people probably already have a pretty good idea for why they're doing it. Otherwise, like, why did we do all the work to do it? We want to go ahead and say, like, what metrics we're going to be looking at to measure this change. For us, we divide these into two sections, primary and secondary metrics. I like to think of primary metrics as often being the reasons you would ship something. They are, a, going to be these types of things that you're, like, explicitly calling out in your hypothesis as being what should move. You would be making the case for shipping an experience based on these moving in the direction you expect. So for that infra experiment, it might be that my primary metric is memory, like, information. But for that checkout experiment, my primary metric might be conversions or number of total checkout successes and things like that. Secondary metrics, on the other hand, tend to be more in the camp of here are reasons why I wouldn't ship this thing. Those come in sort of two flavors in my experience. It's either these broad company level goals where it's not even something I'm expecting to be able to move necessarily. Revenue is often a good example here where that's a pretty meaty, hard to move thing, but you do generally care about it. And so you just want to always understand the impact on that via tags, which we'll talk more about later. There are lots of things people can do to say, oh, we should just always include this core set of metrics as a secondary metric. The other things that tend to come up here are more either, like, performance related things where it's just, like, even for that checkout redesign, I wanna make sure that I'm not increasing page load times. I'm not trying to move it necessarily. I just wanna keep an eye on it as well as other metrics that are tangential to what experience we're, like, making the change to, even if they're not necessarily the reason you're going to sort of advocate for shipping something. The other thing I'll call out here, just like organizationally, tags on your metrics are a great way to do this and to make sure that you can add a bunch of things all at once. So for instance, anything with that special core tag will actually get included by default in your secondary metrics. So just a way to make sure people are being consistent about taking a look at those things that you care a lot about. Also, a great way if you have, like, a growth team, you can be like, here are the growth metrics, and they can just add them in really easily. The final thing before we get into, like, the meat, the nitty gritty of running this experiment is just how long are we planning to run this for? There's, again, a few different, like, levels of sophistication we see people go for here. The sort of, like, baseline version is something like deciding how long you run experiments for in general. Our sort of thoughts on reasonable defaults tend to be on the order of, like, two weeks, four weeks, things like that. We do generally recommend, especially for product experiments, skewing towards having it be some multiple of seven in terms of how many days you run this thing for. Just because we generally find, I think everyone finds, the people using their product on the weekends are very different than the people using the product on weekdays. And so it's nice to just know that, like, when we are on experiments, we'll always be considering those two groups in roughly equal measure because we always run for a multiple of seven days. The other thing that people will sometimes do is snap when they start and when they read out to certain days of the week as another thing that sort of does that. The more advanced version of this is using something like the power analysis calculator to actually peer into sort of, like, what sorts of changes you can reliably measure. We won't peer too much into this today, but essentially you're just saying, like, hey, I have this metric. What can I reliably measure? If I run this thing for two weeks, what sort of movement can I reliably take a look at? If I run this thing for three weeks, what can I reliably measure? And so that is going to be what allows you to have these experiment life cycles that sort of take into account that thing we were talking about earlier, where we want to bring that order of magnitude to the table. Is it going to be reasonable for us to be able to measure that five percent increase? The answer might be no. In which case, it's like, okay. Are there other metrics we should be looking at as, like, sort of proxies? Does it make sense to run this more as a do no harm? Things like that because we just don't think we would be able to reliably measure the type of impact we're expecting to see. But, yeah, setting that duration is just useful from that perspective of informing people taking a look at this, how long should I run this for? We'll actually propagate that through to a few different places in the UI. So, like, up here when it started, it'll sort of give an indicator of how long into the flow it's been. We'll also send some, like, emails and things like that being like, hey. It's time to make your decision. The thing I like to call out that sometimes people are a little afraid of, we won't end the experiment ourselves when it hits that duration. It's not going to suddenly stop it without your intervention, without your consent there. It's more just guidance for people on when it makes sense for us to be making decisions, things like that. More there as a tool to help prevent other people from having to ask you all the time, Hey, are we ready to make a decision on that thing yet? You can be like, No, We've said it would run for twenty eight days, and it's only been fourteen days. This groups and parameters section is sort of like the meat and potatoes of the experiment. This is what's going to actually determine who is getting what experience in terms of the experiment. And so this is actually a very literal flowchart, surprisingly literal perhaps, in terms of how we decide, a, is a user eligible to be part of this experiment, and b, if they are, what group they should they get? So this first section up here, allocation, is actually like a pretty literal knob or dial that you have control over to ramp up an experiment over time. In particular, people often come to the table and they're like, hey. I actually have this, like, quite risky change. How should I think about running this experiment? I don't want to cause crashes, but I do want to, like, measure its impact. And so starting the experiment at a low allocation is often a good way to achieve that. You are limiting the blast radius, so to speak, to instead of being fifty percent of all of your users, it's five of your users or one percent of your users. That has obvious trade offs. You get a lot less statistical power because you have so many fewer users, So we wouldn't recommend, like, keeping it at five percent for the entire time you want to run the experiment for. But you will often find that, like, crash rates and many of those types of net metrics, you can get a decent enough readout on fairly quickly. They tend to be pretty sensitive. And so you can pretty quickly have an idea of, am I causing massive increases in crashes? That order of magnitude comes into play tier two. Right? Like, I can even if I couldn't reliably measure a five percent increase in revenue or decrease in revenue, I can probably measure a fifty percent decrease in revenue pretty well. And so when you start to feel more confident in the results of the experiment that you're not causing issues, we're not necessarily saying, should we ship this thing or not, you can start to ramp this up over time while the experiment is running. Going up is a safe thing to do to eventually just increase the allocation to running on whatever percentage of user base makes sense to run this thing on, often a hundred percent eventually. The other thing that will come into play is targeting. Some people over index on this a little bit. So one thing that I will call out is that the number one thing that determines if a user is part of your experiment is going to be if they check that experiment in code. So I just call that out because I see a lot of people are going the route of, like, trying to do targeting on a specific page or things like that. And, like, then you take a look at their, like, code architecture and, like, this unit is only part of that page, and this experiment only gets checked in that unit. You actually don't need to add ex like, any explicit targeting to Statsig. The code is already only checking it in those cases. On the flip side, things like country, you probably don't actually fork your code for country or at least many people do not. And so it will often make sense to if you only want to run this experiment on users in the US or you're only ready to because you need to wait for translations or something like that, it often will, in those cases, make more sense to filter down to users in the US or maybe users where their locale is English or things like that. For both of these buckets, these are just determining is the user part of the experiment at all. If they are not, because they either were not in the percentage of users allocated to the experiment or because they failed the targeting rule, then they will receive the default experience defined in code, which is the same experience that will be used when the experiment hasn't even started yet. So it should be something that's fairly safe to do. We'll show what that, like, code snippet looks like in just a moment once we get through talking about parameters. You will explicitly define what that experience should be, and it should be that, like, safety vault experience that folks should get. And then we get to the fun part where we get to say, okay. We have a bunch of users who are in our experiment itself. How do we think about what experience they should get and what that experience is, what it looks like? So this is where we are splitting them between different variants. Unlike feature gates, we actually are able to add in extra groups, and so I can run a three way experiment, I could do it four ways, etc. We will often recommend that you keep these even. You get the most statistical power that way, and sort of, like, the main reason we see people going for, like, skewed splits here is because they are worried about, like, one of the groups being dangerous. And in those situations, we often just will recommend starting on a lower allocation instead. But you do have the control over that to say, hey. I actually do want to run this instead of a twenty five twenty five twenty five split. I want to have less users in one of my groups, and it will sort of balance them back under control, and you can spend that allocation. The other things that you can do here are add some extra context to people on your end around what these groups look like. The first thing is just, like, the name of the group, but you can even do things like add a description or even add an image. Adding an image is an awesome thing to do, particularly if there's a UI change. It just makes our experiment reviews, which we'll be talking about in a little bit, a lot easier, especially as we're building sort of like a library of sorts where we want these to be things that people can come back to six months later, a year later, two years later, and understand some of the types of things people at your company have tried and what they found when they tried those things. And so having that literal UI image of, like, here is the change we made is awesome for those scenarios. For many places that we compete with, and they really, really key in on group name, you still are able to use group name in us as well. But we do think it leads to rather inelegant code in a lot of scenarios where you find yourself repeating things a lot, a lot of if else's. So if control, do a b c d e. If test, do a b c d e. If test two, do a b c d e f. And so we actually find parameters as a really nice way to simplify a lot of that and give more context to other people looking at your in Statsig around what actually changed. And so examples here that we can do, if I, for instance, was just, like, changing the color of a button, I could have four different versions of that button and then serve each one depending on which group you're in, or I can actually, like, just here say what color it is. And then when I'm creating that button, if I'm in, like, JavaScript or something, I can just put in that color directly. And that will mean that I got to duplicate less code. And when I take a look at this here, I can literally see what's changing. And you can do that across multiple different parameters. The other place we see this get used really heavily is when we're talking about people running, like, machine learning type experiments or even, like, making use of LLMs and stuff where there are just a bunch of arguments they can pass in. It's really nice to just specify a bunch of those, like, weights and ranking parameters and things like that and just be like, okay. Cool. The experiment just you just grab whatever it should be and use it. You don't actually have to think as much about what group the user is, and you're just saying use the appropriate values for whatever group you're in. Taking a look at the code snippets, this is sort of what that tends to look like. I'll go ahead and save just so it knows about my parameter. And then when I finish saving, I can go ahead and show you that when we are either server side or client side, we have typed getters for all of those different things. So you just get the experiment, and then you get that parameter off of it. And then you can use that pretty directly, and you can choose whichever parameter makes sense. And, again, we have code snippets for most of our most popular ones just in product here. And, again, I will call out that default value. You are specifying on that getter what should I use if I'm not part of this experiment, if the experiment's not started yet, etcetera. There is a bunch of advanced settings that we'll probably save towards the end of things.