The final note I'll give here, we've been talking a lot about this, like, hundred percent and zero percent. And a reasonable question that people tend to have is a hundred percent of what and zero percent of what. The hundred percent and zero percent here is going to be based on this ID type that we're sending over on this side. This is your way to identify a user. One user object can have multiple identifiers present in it, and this is telling us which one of those to use for evaluating this gate. So when I am clicking around in Statsig right now, there's actually four different things identifying me. In particular, I am on this Chrome browser, so I will have a stable ID associated with me. That stable ID is just an device level identifier that we will auto generate and throw in local storage for our client SDKs as just a way to, like, have something to identify them with. So that will be stable ID. We also have me logged into Statsig right now. I'm actually logged in as Tyler. So there is a user ID. We saw that one earlier when I was overriding myself to make sure I was getting that experience. And then furthermore, this is actually like we're in our demo project and that demo project is in a demo organization. So when we at Statsig are thinking about rolling out a feature, particularly when we're doing things that are not zero percent and not one hundred percent, it becomes a really interesting question when I do have those types of situations where it is something like I'm releasing this to everyone, but maybe I'm not releasing it to all of everyone, I'm releasing it to fifty percent of everyone. That is going to be determined based on this identifier type, that ID type on the right hand side. So in this case, I'm releasing this to fifty percent of user IDs who pass this criteria. So if I do something like this and start entering them in, you'll notice that some of these will pass and some of these will fail. It should be about fifty fifty or rather exactly fifty fifty as I continue to go along. Cool. So that's sort of the fundamentals of a gate. And now we'll start to branch into deeper topics that we have at our disposal to really dial in on what we're able to do with these.