Hi. I'm Tyler Van Herren. I'm an engineer here at Statsink. And today we'll be talking about some of the more advanced options or configurations you might be running across when you're using our SDKs. These sort of broadly allow you to solve for a few different interesting use cases and really give you a ton of peace of mind about what your failure states look like and things like that in addition to some nice performance wins. The first one I wanna talk about is bootstrapping. What this is is using one of your servers running our server SDK to actually prepare the sort of initialization response that one of our client SDKs would require. Essentially what this means is that rather than having your client SDK reach out to StatSig servers and get a response from them, you're able to have your servers prepare a response and hand it directly to that client SDK for that given user. From a performance perspective, this gives you some nice benefits where generally speaking, if you're using us in addition to some network request that's already happening to your servers, you have some request that happens on app launch, app startup, that'll go to your servers and then back to prepare that initial user. And then after that, there's a separate hop from that app or from that website over to Statsig and back. And so we can actually largely remove one of those hops by having that initial ping to your servers bring back all the stuff that the Statsig SDK needs to get started. The other sort of big benefit here is just from a failure mode's perspective. While our client SDKs will fall back to cache if they have trouble sort of reaching out to the mothership of Statsig, this allows you to have the actual sort of root initialize be controlled by your infrastructure, which means that if in the unfortunate event stat sig is having issues, you'll be pretty isolated from those on the client side. Data adapters, on the other hand, are sort of the server version of some of that fallback from some of that safety. What a data adapter is going to do is allow you to store in your fleets, in your sort of What a data adapter is going to allow you to do is sort of in your fleets store a copy of those rule sets in like a Redis or something like that that will allow you to initialize your server SDKs from that locally held copy rather than having them ping our CDNs for that copy. And so what that's going to allow you to do is, again, give you a really nice isolation from STAT where even if for some reason you're not able to establish that connection, you will have that local copy and allow yourself spin up net new servers using the Statsig SDK from that saved version of the rule sets. In addition, our server SDKs will also handle updating those rule sets so that when things are good, they will keep that sort of saved copy up to date. What that looks like in practice is really just providing an interface on top of some storage that our SDKs know how to talk to. So we have a class that you can implement, and then from that point on, we're able to have the methods that we expect in order to write and read from those storage locations. This is also really nice, again from a performance perspective, for things like Lambdas or Edge Workers where you might, for these short lived servers, actually find that that initial initialized hop is a relatively large percentage of their lifetime. And this allows them to sort of just do that from in cluster. Sort of the related thing to the data adapter is gonna be the forward proxy. The forward proxy is sort of like the ultimate of putting Statsig's infrastructure in your infrastructure. What this is is a dedicated image that you can host that will handle all of the communicating to Statsig from your side. Ordinarily, of course, our server SDKs are sort of all pinging back to Statsig, pinging for updates on the rule sets themselves. And at scale, that can actually wind up being a lot of network chatter. And so what this allows you to do is centralize that talking to statsig into one or a smaller number of pods that are going to be fully responsible for that. And what this also enables is a lot of really cool in clustered communication where you're able to do things like gRPC streaming from those servers to your servers that are, again, running in that infrastructure. So that is really helpful for that sort of thing. And again, they play really nicely, of course, with the data adapter where they can keep that up to date for you. The last two topics that I'll talk on are a little bit different. One of the most common topics that we'll hear about is how to think about PII. Our general guidance is that you should not be sending PII to Statsig. We don't want that in your analytics logs that are coming to us. We want that kept away from us. But there are sometimes cases where you find that those are still types of things that you would want to be targeting on, even though you wouldn't want them to be showing up in your logging. For those types of cases, we have a field known as private attributes where it's sort of designed for those types of custom attributes, but things that should be sort of kept away from stat sig. For our server SDKs in particular, those never leave your servers. They're stripped away before any logging makes it back to stat sig, while still allowing that local evaluation to take advantage of them for targeting. For client SDKs where you're not bootstrapping, they will be in that initial payload back to stat sig, and then we will strip them away after sort of that initial evaluation that we get back to you. But again, with the server SDKs, they never leave your infrastructure, which is pretty awesome. Of course, when you're making use of those, you should remember that you're making use of those when you're looking at why a user got the experience they did because you might find that when you're looking at the logs in stat sig, they don't have some attribute that would explain that. It might be because it was a private attribute. The final thing I'll hit on here is just the concept of environment tiers. Broadly, we are very much big proponents of this, big recommenders of this, that you should actually have different client keys, different server keys for your different tiers, whether that's your UAT tier, your intern tier, your dev tier, your staging tier, and then of course your production tier. And what that's going to allow you to do is across all of your gates, across all your experiments, you'll be able to roll things out to those lower environments independent of what's happening to the production environments. And there's even some nice settings that are present around our review flows that allow you to give people flexibility in like the dev tier where they're able to make changes, able to iterate quickly without needing to go through the entire review process, but you can still have those safeguards in place for things that'll hit your end users. So we'll definitely recommend that you mirror the tiers you have in Statsink to the way you think about deployments sort of broadly. And we'll also recommend splitting out keys for those as well as, of course, for those different applications or different services that you might have. Thanks. Well, that was