Hi. I'm Tyler Van Herren, an engineer at Statsig, and today we're gonna be talking about how to actually go ahead and understand if things are looking good once you have an experimenter gate set up in code and you're sending some events our way. So the first surface that I wanna talk about is going to be diagnostics. This is sort of your place to go understand if the experimenter feature gate itself is healthy. If we're seeing the things we expect to see from that perspective. And then results are gonna be where we can go and actually talk through, is this good for my product? Is this good for my user base? Is this good for the metrics I care about? And so there's a few different things I wanna call diagnostics surface. The first one that you'll be met with are a bunch of health checks. For experiments, you'll just have one big health check section. And then for a gate, you'll actually have several different options to choose between the different rules that you might have configured on it. But what this is going to do is give you a number of diagnostics that can help you understand just like, again, high level, are things looking good? And so this includes things like just are we seeing checks in general, of course. If I said that I was going randomize off of user ID or even a custom ID like company ID or things like that, are we providing that consistently in our user object that we're checking this thing with? And then sort of the other example there being, I said this was gonna be a fiftyfifty test or a fiftyfifty split on the feature gate. How close am I to that? Am I sort of within bounds there? And for all of these, in this case they're all passing, but when we have things that we're gonna flag, you'll be able to get some little next steps of what to dive into to take a look at them. Again, for some things, it might be a little more self explanatory than others. For instance, if you're not providing the user ID, it probably does just look like providing the user ID, making sure you're doing that when you're initializing. But then for others, like sample ratio mismatch, this exposure is our balance check, that's where there's probably a little bit more nuance of understanding is this specific to a given platform, or things like that to understand where that mismatch might be coming from. And so, in addition to these health checks that again have some cool debugging tools in them, there's also one of my favorite surfaces, the exposure stream. This is going to be a pretty live and pretty raw list of the types of people, or the people I suppose, that are checking your gates. Again, from whatever surface they might be coming from. And you can actually click on any of these entries and see exactly which user it was that checked this, again with things like private attributes filtered out, and see why it got that evaluation. In particular, this reason bucket is pretty nice for understanding, am I checking this before I'm initializing or something that. Or if you're falling back to cache pretty consistently, for instance, if your user's network conditions are not so good. For server SDKs as well, you're able to see when things synced over and things like that to really understand why they actually got that result and rule, again, for that user object. This is also something where you're able to toggle it over to non production logs for those sort of more diagnostic type things while you're trying things out locally yourself. Worth noting that you'll already be toggled over here if you don't have any production logs. But you're also able to filter this in a number of different ways, whether that's different days you wanna look at, or if there's different attributes you want to zero in on in particular, whether that's the rule, the response, the reason rather, or things about the user. So I wanna see my iOS users and at a glance understand, oh, they are getting the assignments I expected, I can do that sort of thing via those filters. The final thing I'll call out on the diagnostics page is going to be the checks chart. This is just a really good option for understanding broadly how much traffic is this getting, and again, something that you can look at per rule for gates which have those rules, or sort of overall for experiments, and just understand those traffic patterns of when are people checking this thing. And so those tools, sort of in combo, can give you a pretty good sense of are things implemented the way you expect from the stat sync perspective? On the other hand, the sort of other interesting thing to take a look at here is of course going to be what is the actual impact that I'm having on the metrics I care about? And that's where the results page or the metric impact page in the case of gates is going to come into play. For our cloud users, this is going to be something that generally gets refreshed once a day. There's a few things that'll come in a little bit live or to give you sort of a quick early look, again especially early on in an experiment, but mostly it's going to be calculated once a day. And for our warehouse native users, it's going to be calculated sort of when you tell us to calculate it, which often does also result in being once a day, sort of based on these schedules we often see people set. And this is going to give you, first off, just that broad picture of how many unique users or units, as the case may be, because these are not necessarily user level tests. How many unique units I've been exposed to this thing over time? Does this match the sort of ramp up strategy I had imagined? Does this match my sort of understanding of what percentage of my users on a given day are net new versus returning relative to some sort of earlier start time? As well as the actual metrics themselves, of course. For an experiment, this will be broken up into your primary and secondary metrics, and for a feature gate, this is going to be sort of your big bucket of monitoring metrics. And for all of these, again looking at a frequentist view here I suppose, you'll be able to see is there a statistically significant movement, aka is that bar going to be red or green, or is there something that's not stat sigma, aka these gray bars. And these are going to give you an understanding of how your test group or groups are performing relative to your baseline control group. For feature gates, that's just going to be your false users as the baseline and your true users as the sort of test group there. And then for experiments, you're a little bit more explicit about which group is the control, usually the first one. And so yeah, this is gonna be where you can go to just broadly understand is there movement, what kind of movement. The really quick summary as well is that for the frequentist view like I'm looking at here, which is also our default, the wider the bar, the more uncertainty you should attribute to those results. And then the sort of black bar in the middle is going to be where that actual mean movement is going to be if you were to take a look at it. The other thing I'll call out here is that for most metric types, this is something that you should think of as already being normalized per user. That's a sort of common misconception we see folks have, but for instance, if you have a ninety nine percent group split to a one percent split, you would expect the ninety nine percent group to have ninety nine times the raw values, so it makes sense to normalize per user. And we're going to be doing that for most metric types, sort of except for some of those ratio type calculations. So this is giving you an idea of for a unit in test versus a unit in control, how much higher should I expect these metrics or lower should I expect these metrics to be? And so again, that's sort of your window back into the world of all the different metrics you care about from a product perspective, whether that's performance metrics like page load time, spend per user, anything that you might care about, as long as you can quantify it at that per unit level, you'll be able to understand what in fact your changes are having on those types of metrics. Thanks.