All right. Welcome, everyone. Great to see you. Thank you for joining us today. Really nice to see some friends on here and some new faces. We'll get into the presentation in just a second. We'll spend a lot of time in the Statsig product poking around and show you how things work. So that's coming up soon. Talk through a little bit of ground rules as we we make sure you get the most out of this. We're gonna move forward today in in one direction through the main presentation, but we ask you to give us your questions to make sure we're answering them live. We're lucky enough to have Tyler. He's a engineer on our enterprise engineering team, the face of our training, a celebrity, and a very knowledgeable such matter expert in all things Statsig, and we'll dive into the product today and and show you how this can be brought to life. I'm Ben. I help lead our account management team. Excited to answer questions for you as we go. We will also record this session, send it to you as a follow-up along with some goodies and resources, including how to find out more information about feature gates, how to send similar recordings and trainings to your team, and how to dive into our docs as a follow-up. With that, let's talk about our agenda. We're gonna be talking about several things in the feature management space. How do we get the right experience to the right people? And that's what we consider targeting rules and using conditions to make sure we're segmenting the groups into the right experiences. We'll talk about how to then run diagnostics, like giving yourself an override experience so you can start to kick the tires and test before we roll out to production. Speaking of rollouts, we've got some new features and capabilities around scheduling and and rolling out features over time. And then we'll get into some really interesting things around turning a feature rollout into an AB test. I'll get out of the way. Tyler, very excited for this session. Thanks again for taking time to guide us through this. It's all yours.