Hi, I'm Tally Van Herren. I'm an engineer here at Statsig. And today we're gonna be talking about the SDKs. Broadly, our SDKs are ways for you to sort of connect your application to Statsig. And that can come in a lot of different forms. Some of that is going to be when you're using our SDKs for bucketing or assignment. In particular when you're making use of feature gates or experiments. That's gonna be how you actually know should this person get this feature or should they not. Or in the case of an experiment, which group should they be in. There are also a really convenient way for you to be logging stuff back to STAT6 so that you can do readouts based on that. There's two forms of SDKs that STAT6 has, our client SDKs and our server SDKs. Obviously our client SDKs are gonna be used more in those client side locations, right? So iOS code, Android code, JavaScript. And then on the server side, that's of course gonna be when we're running in your servers. There's a few different design considerations that go into that from the SATSIG side. We'll talk a little bit about when they make sense to use on your end, what types of things make sense to do there, and how they work. So the client SDKs are obviously when they're running on an end user's device. So again, that will most likely be in their app or on their browser. And so for those applications, this is when we're operating in the context of a single end user. Obviously only one person is using the app at a time on one device. And so we get to do a lot of things, again only in the context of that. In particular, when you initialize the Statsig SDK, it's gonna go ahead and just hand over to Statsig, hey, this is who I am. This is everything there is to know about me that is pertinent for Gates. And then Statsig will respond with all of the evaluations that they might need during their session. What that's going to do is mean that when you want to do subsequent checks post initialize, there's actually no network call that's required in order to do those checks. That keeps things really snappy, really performant on your end user applications. We will, in the background, log things back to us saying, hey, this check happened. That's gonna be really important for the analysis piece. But ultimately there's no blocking network calls happening there at all evaluations once the client SDK is initialized. The thing that's worth considering here in terms of when this makes sense to do is that anything that is happening on an end user's device is to some extent a little bit inherently insecure, right? They have quite a bit of ability to poke around, peek around on any code that's obviously running on their devices. And so while there are a number of things that Statsig does to help obfuscate some of this and help keep things a little more sort of kept out of prying eyes, you should probably not be doing security critical type things as client side experiments. Rather, we'd recommend those types of things be happening in your servers, on your servers. For our server SDKs, the architecture is a little bit different. As you might imagine, one server, one pod of yours might be processing many, many end users as requests come in from all around the world. And so rather than trying to have Statsig give a response for an individual user from our servers to yours, what we do instead is we actually download rule sets to your server that are going to allow you locally to evaluate a given gate or a given experiment for a given user. That means that again, there is actually no network call that's required for an individual check gate or get experiment call even though you have the ability to do this for any of your end users. This, again, keeps things local, keeps things really performant from that perspective, and then we will do those sort of polling back to us. Again, this is going to be most useful for those applications, for those cases where you want to do things that are sort of again kept away from your end users or sort of otherwise isolated from that. In addition to all of the really cool experiments that you can actually do like infrastructurally. We've seen tons of people do really interesting experiments where they change their caching strategies, change how they compress something, things like that, where obviously it makes sense to do server side. But then again, you can run most experiments from the server side and then it's a matter of sort of giving to your clients the results of them rather than exposing the experiment itself as happening. But yeah, between our server and client SDKs, you should be able to use Statsig wherever you're already making changes, already making product decisions, or again, infra decisions. And be able to tie all that together to all the really awesome metrics that you might care about. Thanks. Something like that? I guess I can stop.