Once you have created all your metric, the next step is to add them to your experiment for analysis. In this chapter, we will do a quick demo of the experiment result page. On the result page, you will find two main sections. The first section is the cumulative exposure charts, which you will find how many users in different test groups has been exposed to your experiment over time. This will also be a good way to help you cross check if the exposure volume has meet your expectation. In the second section, which is also what we call the scorecard section, you will be able to find all the metrics you have chosen for your experiment. Each metric has a color coded bar. Either it's green for statistics significant in the positive direction, or red means it's statistics significant in the negative direction. When the bar is showing grey, it just means the metric is not statistically significant. Along the bar, you will also be able to see the mean lift percentage for the metric, as well as the confidence interval. If you hover or click on a metric, you can get even more details about the underlying statistic and all the other relevant information. Let's click on it and you will see a pop up window. Here is all the statistic statistics about this revenue metric that we are looking at. There is also a time series view tab for day to day view, where you can have a day to date view for the cumulative metric performance, as well as a day since first exposure chart for you to detect any novelty effect. Another tab is called variance reduction. It helps you to see how much variance in your metric has been reduced successfully by applying CUPID, which is our variance reduction techniques. Last but not least, on this pop up window, you will find the Impact tab. Under the Impact tab, you will not only see the absolute and relative experiment delta for your metric, but also the top line impact and the projected launch impact pre calculated for you. One more thing to highlight on the experiment page is our house checks. On the right hand side of the result page, you will be able to see called experiment quality score that evaluates how well the experiment is set up, and also a house icon, which shows how well your experiment is running after it has been started. When you hover on here, you have the option to click on view details. It will take you to our diagnostic tab where you can take a closer look at the experiment health checklist, which covers many critical important experiment health checks, including whether the exposures are balanced, whether there are cross over users, or whether there are differential impact detected. We also have a built in self serve troubleshooting tool for you to troubleshoot if any of the items in this list have not successfully passed the health check.