The other thing I'll call out here before we go too much deeper into things as I just delete a few things real quick is it's often the case that you will still want to do, like, even more explicit testing. So it was pretty nice that I'm able to do things and say, like, hey. I want to release this to employees first. But, like, there might even be individual employees that you want to opt in or opt out to this gate where it doesn't necessarily make sense for me to have an individual rule for each one of them. Things would get a little unwieldy if everyone went and added their own rule saying, hey. For my user ID, I want to pass this. And for my user ID, I want to fill this. Overrides are our friend here to add in those, like, individual users. I'll even call out that in your account settings, you can specify your own user ID for in your product to make this really straightforward. And at that point, you actually get this nice little pass my ID or fail my ID so everyone can see who I am in Statsig, this one m three q. When I do these types of things, like, this takes precedence over all the rules that are below, and now I will just explicitly receive that behavior rather than whatever the rules might have specified. There's essentially just a set of rules above saying, are you this ID? If so, pass. But, again, this makes it really straightforward, especially for things like QA teams or development teams to just hop into that variant that makes sense for them. The other thing I'll call out for thinking through, like, reasoning about who is actually receiving these things, who is not receiving these things, is going to be this test gate feature down at the bottom. This is sort of your home to be like, I hypothetically have a user object that I could be initializing with or I could be passing into it. I don't necessarily wanna go through the entire work of starting up my app and going to that exact surface and then seeing if I'm getting that experience or not. I just wanna, like, test out what I would get if I were to check this thing. This test gate is the way to do that. So for instance, again, we added that override for me to say I should pass. I can actually go ahead and plug in my user ID here, and it will evaluate for me, and it will say, hey. I pass. Similarly, if I add another rule down here that says, hey. I want to release this to Canada just for fun there, and we'll do country Canada, something like that. I can take myself out. I am currently failing if I passed in this example user object. If I passed in something like in the US, I would fail too because it's getting that default rule. But if I go ahead and put in Canada, I will pass because I'm in Canada. So this is a really nice way to just sort of sanity check yourself, especially as you get more and more elaborate rules where it's maybe referencing another gate and things along those lines. You can plug in a user object here and validate what you would receive.