For a lot of people, they're running a lot of experiments, and they sort of wanna understand, like, let me do the flip side. I want to look at things less through, like, what am I making as a decision on an individual experiment and more just like, what experiments are running that affect this metric of mine? How should I think about them from that, like, flipped lens? And for that, that's gonna be where our insights tab comes into play in a pretty big way. First off, insights tab, awesome. Just like sort of overview of what's running, when it was running, etcetera. Just really nice to understand who was doing what and when they were doing it. But you can also look at this from the perspective of a given metric. So I could go ahead and take a look at one of our metrics that was used in one of these experiments and say, show me which metrics moved, for instance, purchase events. So I could go ahead and say, hey. I want to take a look at purchase events. Yeah. I wanna go ahead and take a look at purchase events and took a look over the last year or something like that. I can see, a, like, my overall purchase events, and you can see our site is evidently doing pretty well, our fake demo site. But then I can also see, okay, which experiments were running, which arms of those experiments were helping this thing, which arms of these experiments were hurting this thing. In this case, we don't have anything live that was hurting it. You'll even get this, like, aggregated impact estimate. This is us doing some pretty nice math on top of your experiment results to give your estimate of, like, you ran all these things. They moved these things by this much. What is the total impact of that? This estimate is a pretty nice tool. And then if you want, like, to do the most formal version of getting this, that would be where it makes makes sense to make use of, like, a holdout, for instance, as a way to explicitly have some control group who are not getting any of these experiments at all and compare against those. So holdout is the definitive answer, but it does mean some users won't get any of these things, at least while you're doing that measurement over that half, over that year. This aggregated impact estimate is a good idea to understand. Okay. Are things moving positively or negatively, and then which things are moving those in which ways?