Hey, everyone. I'm Brock, and I'm a product manager on the SDKs team here at Statsig. Today, we're gonna talk about how to get set up with Statsig. So today, we're gonna talk through how to get started with Statsig and in particular, how to get started with Statsig's SDKs. So here's a quick agenda for what we'll cover. This will be in a couple big sections. The first is for everyone using Static. So this is if you're going to be implementing individual experiments or feature gates, if you're a developer or something like that. But then we'll also look at a few things you should be thinking about if you're setting up Static for the first time. So, for your team or for your company, there's a couple other decisions you're gonna wanna make up front. Alright. So, a few things that are important for everyone to understand. Maybe the most important one is where experiment values come from. Obviously, you create experiments on the static console, but then when they're actually running in your code, we have to pull down those experiments somehow. There's misconceptions that when you check a feature flag, that's actually doing a network request. It's not the case with Statsig s Statsig SDKs. We'll get to exactly why that is and what happens instead in in a couple minutes. I'll go through general SDK usage just so can kind of understand what everything looks like. And then the last thing I'll talk about is debugging the SDK. There can be a few cases in which things go wrong, and it'll be helpful to know the tools you have at your disposal to to debug. Alright. So we're gonna talk about where experiment values come from in both the server side and the client side. And we're starting with server here. There's a separate decision you're gonna make. We'll talk about later on if you should use server SDKs or client SDKs or both. In a large number of situations, you'll end up using both, so this should be useful for just about everyone. But a couple things I wanna cover here. You'll see I have this nice little diagram in the middle. What it's showing is how you initialize the Statsig SDK and pull down the values for your project. So when you set up in your code, the server SDK, you'll be calling something simple like Statsig creating a Statsig instance and adding a key to it so that it has access to your project. And then you'll be calling something like Statsig dot initialize. When you call Statsig dot initialize, it's going to do this little section I have in the middle of the sequence diagram where it initializes and pulls down those configuration values. And more or less, those configuration values will represent everything that exists in your project. That means that your code now, the the sort of scope of that memory where you called stats dot initialize, understands everything that happens in your project, and so it can evaluate any gate, any experiment, any dynamic config layer, etcetera, synchronously without ever making a network request. This it's important to understand that this is supposed to be a secure environment because you're downloading that whole rule set. Right? Like, if you were launching a new feature or something like that, you name your experiment, like, new big feature launch, You might not want people to be able to see that. You don't want your competitors to see that, etcetera. So that's why your server keys are secret, are private, and why the expectation is that these environments are are private and secure. That's also why we we'll talk about it in a second, but we don't just send down all of these values to client SDKs. We evaluate that a little bit differently. The last thing I'll call out on this is you'll see those little dotted lines I have at the bottom of the sequence diagram. Your server SDKs will stay constantly up to date with configurations in your project by polling on a ten second interval to pull down that rule set again. This means that those changes are not instantaneous, but they're they're very fast and the server SDK will will always be in sync. That's the expectation you should have. Also, I do have this little sample JSON on the right hand side here that just shows, like, generally what you might expect that configuration file to look like. You won't see this a lot. This isn't really exposed to you very often, but it can be kinda helpful to understand what's actually going on. And the key thing, which is that your server SDKs understand your whole project, and so they don't need to make network requests to evaluate anything. We've got a whole load of server SDKs that I have listed there. Node, Python, Go, all the way to Elixir and Rust and Edge SDKs. Okay. So client SDKs. Client SDKs are a little bit different in that they're presumed to not be private environments. And because of that, we only want to pass back values for a single user, for the user that you're dealing with in that moment to your client side code. So, you know, if you think about server SDKs as being like a node server, web server, or something like that, client side SDKs are like client side JavaScript or like React code that runs on the client side or an iOS or Android app. The the data that is held in those is presumed to be accessible by anybody. And, the servers that we expose to get these values to are are not private. So we implement, like, additional sort of security here to mean that you can only find the values for one individual user. It's much more secure than passing back that whole rule set to the client side, which which some experimentation platforms do, but we don't we don't think is a good practice. So, what this means is that initialize call that you do, you'll see this is slightly different than the server side in that that initialize call actually takes a user object. So, you hand that user object to the server and it passes you back all of those values for that individual user. Just like the server side, this means that the client now has all the evaluations for that project, for that user. So every evaluation you do, every check gate, every get experiment, etcetera, those are all done synchronously. They don't require a network request. Once again, the big difference is just that you're getting it for an individual user in this case. Because of that, when the user object changes, you do have to go back to the server and get new values. In most SDKs, this is implemented as a function called update user or update async, the asynchronous function. And that just goes to the server and gets new values for whatever user object you pass in there. Lastly, I have this once again, this little example JSON object. You'll see that in this case, instead of having, like, a full description of the rules that the code should be executing, like, you know, for example, in your project, might have, like, give users in the United States this value and roll out to twenty percent of users in Canada. The server SDK, the payload would actually have all those rules in it. Right? Because it needs to be able to evaluate that for every single user. The client SDK doesn't have that because it gets evaluated for that user and passed back. Last conceptual point I want to touch on in where experiment values come from is sometimes folks are confused. If a user is given, you know, you you check an experiment for a particular user, user one, two, three, and they're given the test group on the server. How can I be sure that they're also gonna be given the test group on the client? The way that works is it's deterministic hashing function on their ID type that you're using in that experiment that guarantees that they'll be given the same. I won't get into too much nitty gritty details there, but that's what you should understand is as long as you have the same user object, evaluation is guaranteed to be the same on client side, on server side, over time, on any different SDK. That's that's one of our promises. So you don't have to worry about, like, maintaining state across different SDKs. Alright. I wanted to touch on a couple experiments that it's easy to make in these situations that you'll surely encounter if you're implementing Statsig for long enough. Probably the most common one we see, and I would say this is especially common on the client side, is accidentally trying to get an experiment or check a gate or something like that when initialization hasn't happened yet or hasn't completed yet. This one can be tricky because we have some fallback mechanisms in place that will help you out if you do this. We will cache their values from the last time they check from the server sorry, they initialize from the server. But those can be imperfect. Right? Like you might have changed your configurations and things like that. So, this can definitely create problems where you start seeing evaluations that don't totally make sense. We try to protect against this, but in the absolute worst cases, you can see users that will see one variant, like their feature flag isn't rolled out to them yet, and then right after that, they could see that it is rolled out to that to them again. If you like, you know, check a gate and then fire off an initialized call and then check that gate again right after, and the latest values have something different for that user. So this is not desirable. We have some recommendations on how to solve for this. We call this deciding what your initialization strategy is gonna be. There are a few different ones you can do with different trade offs. Obviously, one of the downsides of just, like, waiting for the initialized call is you build in a little bit of latency. So that's not always perfect, but a lot of folks choose to do that as the the best option that guarantees proper experiment values. There's also some other interesting ones like boot strapping, which can reduce that latency but still guarantee exact values, perfect values. So I'd encourage you to visit our docs to read up more on that or reach out to us in Slack. A couple other issues that arise pretty often. If you try to do one of those more advanced methods that I just brought up, there are a few pitfalls you can run into. Bootstrapping is a really common one. People love to do bootstrapping because of the benefits it has. But if you fall into some traps with it, changing the user object between when you bootstrap, when you get values, things like that, it can it can become frustrating because things won't seem quite right. I'd encourage you to reach out to us in Slack as well if you encounter that one. We can definitely help. The last one I wanted to call out, which is is somewhat common, is if you are using our client SDKs and you initialize the SDK, and then you maybe have, like, a long lived instance of your client code, like a browser tab that's open for a very long time or something like that, we will not automatically refresh those values. We don't wanna do that because we don't want, like, your users' experiences to change, like, randomly. It's not desirable. So we leave it up to you to call that update user function. It is somewhat common that if you just don't call that very much, you could land with out of date values from some users. It's not a disaster. Usually, it just means, like, your feature rollouts take a little bit longer than you thought because not everyone gets up to date values right away, but it's something that's worth thinking about and that can definitely confuse you your first time using Static. Quickly, wanted to cover usage. So installing the Static SDKs, like I said, we have SDKs for a whole load of server and client languages, and most of them are available in sort of the the standard package managers. So it's just as simple as NPM install, static node, or static JS client. And then in your code, you're really just calling these like, you're creating an instance of Static and then you're initializing, and then you're checking the feature gates or something like that. One of the things I wanted to call out here is we talked about how the user object is used in initialize in client SDKs, and it's not used in initializing server SDKs. But obviously, you're still evaluating a gate for a particular user in server SDKs. So you see that user object is actually required in those checks. Right? So you'll see that in these these couple server SDKs, Node and Python, you have to pass that user object into the CheckGate or the GetExperiment function, whereas in the others, it's passed actually into the initialization function. Yeah. And so, of course, all these on the right hand side are asynchronous under the hood or sorry, synchronous under the hood. But the top two are actually doing the evaluation. They're actually like, give me that user. I'll go through all the rules. I'll execute the hashing function to do randomization if I need to. And then they're spinning the value out. Whereas the bottom three, which are preinitialized SDKs, they're actually just searching for the value because it's already been been calculated for that user. So they just need to find it for that particular feature gate where find it in memory. Awesome. So I want to quickly touch on the debugging tools you have that you can use when something goes wrong. One is because Statsig is a full platform for this type of stuff, we do have some really helpful tools in the console. So we have experiment and feature gate health checks. They'll tell you if something is clearly wrong that it well, like I said, because this is an integrated platform, one of the really nice things is we have a full integration between our SDKs and the console. So the SDKs can tell the console, hey, something's not quite right with this one. Point the user in the direction of investigating x y zed. So, you might get a health check that's like, you know, you don't have the right unit, you don't have the proper ID types on this user, so experiment analysis isn't gonna work. Or one you see in experiments is sample ratio mismatch. That's very common and and we can also check for that. Another one we have is the log stream, which is basically just like a full list of experiment or feature gate checks as they're happening. We just record those for you in the Statsig console so you can click through them and understand what's happening in each check, filter it for a particular user, make sure their experience is staying consistent, all those sorts of things. The last one I want to touch on was the evaluation reason logs. That's that chart you're seeing back here with the blue and green. Evaluation reasons in Statsig tell you where the data came from that your experiment or feature gate checks are happening on. So we can tell you, hey, these values came from the network. That's the happy path. That's the normal path is you just initialize. That's where we got these values from. But we can also tell you, hey, we got these values from the cache. We fell back on the caching layer because you forgot to call initialize before you check the gate. So we'll call those things out to you when they happen with those evaluation reasons. Outside of the console, there's also some debugging tools you have in the SDK. They expose similar information quite honestly, but you can always be logging those things as you're stepping through your code and they'll tell you exactly what's happening, which is really nice. And then also we have, like, logs that our SDK actually produces and a log level that you can customize to say if you just like warnings or you'd like errors to be flagged, things like that. So, yeah, some of the tools you have to debug the SDK when something goes wrong. Okay. Quickly, I wanted to talk about if you're the first person setting up Statsig for your team. There are some things you should be thinking through that one thing I also just wanted to call out is congrats. It's a pretty cool place to be in. Championing an experimentation program is a really cool place to be in a company. So we're gonna try to make this easy on you, I I hope it goes well. There's a few decisions you need to make, and then we'll talk about some implementation points as well. One is choosing cloud or warehouse native. You might have already chose that if you did a proof of concept with Statsig. Also, you wanna look at if you're using client side or server side SDKs or both. And then also talking about how you get your business metrics, the sort of core important metrics into Statsig. Next, actually implementing, choose your initialization strategy, and then set up your workspace. Alright. So, cloud or warehouse native. If you already have a mature warehouse setup that has like all your metrics ready to go in it, it's likely you will want to use those in experiment analysis and you should probably go straight to a warehouse native approach with Statsig. That's what we usually recommend. But there are situations that cloud is better. Even if you have a warehouse, if you wanna rely on our infrastructure for everything, including the actual experimentation pipelines, which can be quite expensive at scale, we have highly highly optimized architecture to to do those computations, then you might wanna consider cloud. Talking about the server client side SDKs decision. I said this before, it it is pretty common you'll end up using both in different situations. Like if you want to experiment on server side experiences and client side experiences, then you're almost going to need to do both. The exception would be you may only want to do server side if you're dealing with highly sensitive and confidential things that you don't want clients to be able to, you know, try to get themselves into a certain group, a certain experiment group or something like that. Best practices for anything like that that you'll you'll you'll wanna check that on the server side. Also worth calling out that this is a little bit dependent on your architecture. Like, obviously, if you have client side code that you want to experiment on, but it's all, like, server side rendered with something like Next. Js, SSR, or it's all like static websites, or it's all served by APIs that you'd like to experiment with on the server side, then then you could end up in a server SDK only situation. And the last thing I want to cover here on the design decisions is once you've made that cloud or warehouse native decision, you still need to decide how you're gonna get all your data into Statsig. If those metrics are already set up in your warehouse and you chose the warehouse native solution, you can just read them straight out of your warehouse. That that would be the cleanest. That's the most common solution. There's another solution that's useful in both warehouse native and cloud, which is that you can use Statsig's logging infrastructure to actually log events, sort of like you would with most product analytics or like customer data platform type solution. You can also ingest these events. This is kind of like if you have those events in your warehouse, but you'd like to use Statsig Cloud for one reason or another, you might consider an ingestion. And then the last one is using one of our pre built integrations. So if you have all your events not in a warehouse, but in, like, Segment and you'd like to pull those, like, Segment or another CDP, you'd like to pull those into Statsig, using one of our integrations might be a good choice. Alright. A couple other things you should be thinking about. These are the last few and the rubber really hits the road. Once you decide client or server side SDKs, you have to decide which SDK specifically you're using. It should just map to what type of environment you're working in. So the client side, it could be React Native, Android IOS, React, JavaScript, Angular, even something like Dart Flutter. And then after that, you 're gonna wanna follow our guides that we have in our docs to get that implemented and start testing things out. Some folks like to run an AA test for their very first experiment with the with the SDK. Of course, Statsig's here to help you through all that. You always reach out in Slack. If if if you're having trouble with one of our SDKs, it's quite likely I will I will personally be responding to your to your questions. So feel free to do that. And then lastly, getting your organization set up, your workspace in Statsig. So you'll wanna create projects. Projects are sort of like individual siloed sort of walled gardens for an individual often product within Statsig where like your metrics for that product don't touch other products and things like that. That should likely be its own project. Each project can have API keys, which you will you'll you'll create those for both client and server side. You can configure project and organization and team level settings, which is this project access management. So you wanna set up teams and what they're able to do. You can set up things like templates and things like that for your individual experiments and feature gates. And then the last thing is you can set up some type of authentication management system. So that might be SSO or we also have SCIM support to import users straight into Statsig. Awesome. So that's all we have for today. If you have any more questions, I would highly recommend reading through our docs. And if you have specific ones that aren't covered there, we'd love to hear from you in our Slack. Hope you enjoyed this, and I hope you enjoy using Statsig. Go Go in. Hey, everyone. I'm Brock, and I'm a product manager on the SDKs team here at Statsig. Today, we're gonna talk about how to get set up with Statsig.