Hi, my name's Margaret Ann, and I'm on the product team here at Statsig. And today we're gonna be doing a quick overview of our feature flagging platform. Statsig's feature management suite consists of feature flags, dynamic configs, and parameter stores. Feature flags enable you to roll out and roll back new features in a safe, targeted way. Dynamic configs and parameter stores enable you to parameterize parts of your product for easy dynamic updates without having to push new code to production. Today, we're gonna dive a bit deeper into Statsig's feature flagging product. So you can use Statsig feature flags to power everything from user facing features to infrastructure rollouts and AI model updates. Feature flags control who gets to see a feature and who doesn't done via a set of conditional targeting logic. You can configure these rollout criteria based on environmental attributes such as browser or country or user level features such as email or whether a user is in a predefined segment or not. Statsig provides some out of the box targeting criteria to get you started, but you can also define any arbitrary custom targeting attributes via the custom fields that you include with your user object on SDK initialization. So in this example, we've defined a custom field is early access, and we're rolling this out basically to a set of early access users. Once your gate goes live, Statsig surfaces a set of debug tools such as health checks to help you confirm that you've set your flag up correctly, as well as a log explorer to explore and debug individual exposures. Once you've confirmed your flag is working as expected, this is where Statsig Special Sauce kicks in. As you start to roll out your new change to part of your audience, Statsink detects these automatic these partial rollouts and automatically turns this into an AB test between users who have your feature and users who don't yet have the new feature. This is helpful because you can see the impact of your rollout on your core business metrics and automatically detect any regressions before they impact your user base at scale. All right. That's a quick recap of Statsig's feature flags. To try it out for yourself, head to statsig dot com to try our demo account or sign up for an account to get started today. See you in the console.