Yeah. Thanks all. Like Ben said, excited to see so many faces, old and new, and excited to be talking about feature gates and sort of how to get the most out of them. We'll also be pretty much entirely in the product itself. So I'll go ahead and hop over there now to one of our demo projects where we can actually sort of see some of these things live. Feature gates are really sort of this, like, most foundational building block that you'll get in Statsig. How do I make sure the right people see the right things? And then we can do really exciting stuff on top of that around what if I give it to some people and not some others? And what if I compare the results across those two, where we actually sort of start doing AB testing? The thing that these are really immediately useful for is how do I turn a feature on and off remotely, quote unquote. This is really, really impactful, especially for folks on mobile teams where you don't necessarily have the most control over your own release cycles. If you have developed a new feature and you realize that new feature is causing crashes, that's sort of devastating. Right? You're like, I can fix this, and then I can go ahead and publish it and wait for the app stores to approve it. And then when the app stores have finally approved it, I can wait for my users to choose to update their apps, and then they will start to get this fix going, which is very painful, I think, especially as a product owner. But I think that's broader than just mobile teams. Right? Everyone has these situations where, like, their push cycles are a little longer than you'd like, especially when something is going sort of horribly wrong. And so in those cases, being able to remotely just be like, let's turn this thing off is really, really nice to have around as sort of a kill switch, so to speak. So in particular, when I'm taking a look at some gate, a lot of times, the first gate that people will start with will actually look something like this, where it's going to just be some rule and we're going to say everyone. And the condition to pass here is that you are anyone, and now I just have a dial that I can turn of do people get back false or do they get back true when they check this gate in code. Already quite quite useful. When I'm ready to turn this thing on, I can go ahead and say everyone should get this. When I want to turn it off, I can go ahead and say no one should get this. This is really handy. We have now divorced when a future goes live from our actual ability to push that code. We can essentially turn off code remotely when it makes sense to do so. So this alone already really, really handy. But there's probably lots of situations where you're, like, wish you had a slightly finer grained comb to work with, so to speak, rather than being like, everyone gets this thing or no one gets this thing. What if I, like, wanted to get a little more targeted with that? Then that's when we'll start, like, talking in-depth about these criteria, about these rules. So every gate in stat sig is comprised of a series of rules. Each of those rules is defining, a, some group of people, and, b, whether or not they showed or shouldn't get that thing. So for instance, I might have something like this where I have some country I want to turn this thing on for, so I want to turn it on for users in the US. And then I might also want to turn it off for users in Canada. So I might say US users and Canada users. And for users in Canada, we are not ready to roll out there yet. And I will go ahead and say it is off for users in Canada. None of those users pass, and it is on for users in the US. And with that, I've already gotten to this pretty advanced state of the world where I can target an individual country and turn things on or off for those users. This could be I realized I needed to have French translations available in my app to feel comfortable releasing this feature to Canada. All of those sorts of scenarios are pretty common where it's just like, yeah. This feature is not yet ready for release here, but it is ready for release in these places. Let's actually take advantage of that. And the cool thing is that if you're using one of our client SDKs in particular, country is something we can, generally speaking, auto infer. There's actually a lot of things about your users we can auto infer if you're using our client SDKs where it's actually running on their device because we can do things like say, hey. What operating system is this? What device model is this? Things along those lines where we're targeting only release to Android users. Or maybe we have discovered that big bug and we want to say, hey. If you are an Android user, so operating system is Android, Specifically, if you're an Android user who is on an older version of our app, so I might say something like less than this version. If you're an Android user who's on something less than four point o point o, then those are the types of people we want to turn this off for. And so, again, this allows us to do those really targeted things where maybe I have actually released that fix to the app, but it just takes a while for people to download app version four point o point o. All of this is, like, the sort of building blocks we have at our disposal when we're talking about gates. They're, again, comprised of these series of rules that are actually arranged in this if, else if format. That is, like, a rather critical piece that a lot of people will sometimes miss a little bit. When we find the first rule that your given user is going to pass for, at that point, we will say, like, okay. Let's decide if you pass fail here and now based on this pass and based on this fail. So in this case, a hundred percent of users will fail if they meet these set of criteria. For these users in Canada, we could go ahead and release this feature to them, but it will only be these users in Canada who were not on Android less than four point o point o because if they were, they would have already met this criteria and failed. So it really is a true else if in all of these scenarios, something to keep in mind. So, again, this is sort of like building blocks that allow us to get increasingly complex with these things. So far, we've talked a lot about these things that we can auto infer if you're using our client SDKs. Two natural questions that people might have in response to that are, a, what if I'm not using a client SDK because I'm using you server side? And b, what if I have something else I care about that you're not able to auto infer? For all of these, the sort of key piece of the puzzle, so to speak, is going to be what we're passing into our user object. So when we initialize the Static SDK on client devices, one of the fields you'll pass into that is that user object where you're giving us all of this context about the user, whether that's what locale they have, if they are a premium subscriber, things like that. And similarly, when you're calling Checkgate on server SDKs, you'll be passing in that user object there as well. Again, you can include whatever context about the user makes sense. And so one of the criteria that we actually have access to here rather than things like country and things that we might auto infer is there is actually this custom field section where you can bring to the table sort of anything you might know about the user. I can go ahead and say, like, in addition to all of these things, I might actually have a subscriber tier as a field that I pass in, and I might wanna say premium users get this feature. Nonpremium users don't get this feature. And, again, this can be useful for either saying I want to only give this thing to premium users and or maybe it's a risky or new feature that I want to make sure I'm able to test out on a broader audience before I start rolling it out to the folks who might be a little more sensitive to things like that. These are sort of all things that we're considering at Statsig when we're rolling out our own features. We know there's some set of things where it's like, this is a fairly minor tweak, and we feel very comfortable releasing it broadly. There's also things where it's like, we want to be able to gauge how this is impacting people's understanding of the product to make sure that we are right in our hypotheses that these make things better. So it might make sense to give things to certain cohorts and not to others. So criteria are sort of your keys to the kingdom and being able to actually make sure we're targeting the right sets of people, things like that. The other one that I'll call out here is something that gets us really, really advanced. That's the ability to say, do you pass some other gate? In particular, people will often do these types of things where they either say, I have a passive target gate or a segment, both sort of just ways to define audiences, and say, I keep finding that every gate I create, I wind up doing this thing where the first thing I do is I say, if you are an employee because this is going to be on my employee rule, the very first thing I do is say, employees get this feature. No one else does. So something like this, for instance, employees are the only ones getting this feature. No one else is getting it because there is this default fail. This allows me to do these, like, very targeted rollouts to folks in a way that I don't have to redefine every single time what it means to be an employee. I can have one gate or one segment that says all of my definition for employee where maybe it's like, oh, I'm checking if your email address ends in the right suffix, things along those lines that can be reused across things. The other cool thing that we get out of this is we actually get to do things and say, hey. This feature is part of a broader feature release. You shouldn't actually be eligible for this one unless you pass this other gate. So for instance, maybe our new add to cart flow should only be available to people who are already passing whatever criteria are part of our new ranking algorithm. So passes target gate and its counterpart fails target gate are really powerful ways to target exactly the set of users you want to release something to given all of the other stuff people are doing in Statsig. How we, like, are able to construct these audiences. And, again, these audiences are comprised of multiple rules. Those rules are LCF'd together. Multiple criteria within a rule are ANDed together, and then you can essentially get ORs by going the route of sort of composing those gates together. The other thing I'll call out really quickly is just like, how do I actually use this thing in code? One really nice feature that we have is this code snippet up in the top right, where we'll actually show you what it looks like to use this in code. And all of our SDKs are available here with some code snippets of what this looks like. And it looks really straightforward, particularly once you've got this dot sig SDK initialized. It really does boil down to just this check gate call. And for client SDKs where there's only one user on a device at a time, we sort of implicitly are passing in that current user to this check gate call. So you'll then notice, for instance, on the server SDKs that you actually do pass in a user. But, again, it really is a very simple check gate call. The other minor callout I'll give here is that we use this identifier for the gate, which will be based on but not necessarily exactly the same as your gate name that you created in Statsig. In particular, we created this one called front end two step add to cart where it was spaced and with capital letters. We have this gate ID that's going to be lowercased with underscores separating, but you can also copy that here. Or, again, the code snippet will have it already in that format as well. So these are really, really simple to use in code, and they just return a Boolean. There's also tons of sort of work and thinking we've done in terms of making sure that these don't actually incur a network call. They are able to just return a boolean there and then. There is no round trip associated within an individual check gate call or use gate as the case may be for people using the React Hooks. For the client SDKs, we send down all of that info in advance so that we can just look it up in a dictionary essentially. For the server SDKs, it evaluates it locally on your server. Again, because it could be those multiple users that are we have to check, so we don't wanna be able to send down a dictionary for every possible user. But, again, no network call required for an individual check gate call, something people will often get a little confused by.