So while Metric Drawdown was really great for helping you understand trends over time, being able to, like, really segment different populations, have a bunch of different views such as tables, line charts, pie charts, even the geo map. Funnels are a less general purpose surface area, and they're really tailored for helping you understand one thing, and that's how are people converting through key workflows. Here, we have a funnel that shows how people are kind of starting with our landing page all the way through a purchase event, and we've defined that as starting with the landing page view and then viewing a product. Because there are multiple ways to view a product in our in our app, we allow you to combine events as well. So we can say, did a product view or did a product details. Next, they add to cart, then they do a checkout, and then they do a purchase event. So we can see the funnel and kind of at each step, some key steps stats about what's happening between that step and the previous one. This is the landing page. This is the product view or product details, add to cart, checkout, and purchase event. And we can see at each step what the overall conversion rate is so far all the way down to the last step. So we have a conversion rate at of one point seven seven percent. But we can also see at each step kind of, like, where are people dropping off the most. Right? So from product view to add to cart, there's a big drop off. And from add to cart to actually checking out and checking out to actually purchasing, we some we see some big drop off. So if this were my product, I would wanna figure out why are people only about ten percent or or so of people who do a checkout event actually going and do a purchase. You can also go and see even more detail at each step in the legend here. So you can by default, these are the ones we show, but you can also look at the number of people converted, the number of people dropped off. And then instead of just looking at the median time so far, looking at the median time from the previous step. And so now we can kind of scroll through and see, okay, at from add to cart to checkout event, the number of people the conversion rate from the previous step is only twenty one percent, which is pretty low. And then from the actual purchase event, the conversion rate from the previous step is only fifteen point eight percent, which is also pretty low. And these are the kind of things that we drill into. We also have several different views in funnels. So this view here is great for kind of, like, understanding very granularly at each step of your funnel what's occurring. If you want to just look at the conversion rate over time, so having a top line view of the entire funnel, how does that conversion rate look as kind of like a trend? You can easily do that here by just changing to the conversion rate over time view, and we can look over any period of days that we see fit. And this what this is showing now is kind of the conversion rate has been hovering at about for this specific funnel at about two percent, one point nine, two percent, over a long time period. And there was a big jump around July sixth where we stopped converting at around one point one and a quarter percent and jumped up to one and kind of a third percent. Another thing that you can do is looking at a histogram of time to convert. This is really useful when you have flows that are very time sensitive and you wanna understand how not just, like, what the median time to convert is, which we always show, but kind of, like, what the breakdown of conversion time looks like. Going back to the main funnel view of kind of a granular stepwise funnel, you can also constrain your funnel in a bunch of different ways. How how long people have to complete the funnel to count as converted, whether or not it's an ordered or unordered funnel. This is this helps you understand. If you just have a funnel that is kind of, I wanna know if people completed these end steps, you can toggle this off to be unordered versus an ordered funnel, which is I wanna know if people completed these end steps in this specific order. You can also look at unique users versus just total conversions. If I go through the funnel with this toggled on three times, I would only count once. If I toggle this off, I would count as three total conversions, and kind of these numbers would go up. And then daily aggregation, this lets us know if we can if we should aggregate at the daily level versus just kind of over this entire time range. Just like in Drill Down, you can compare different groups against each other. So we can look at this cut funnel split out by country to see if that's impacting the conversion rate or not or see if there are different conversion rates depending on if you come from the US, Mexico, India, or Canada. And it looks like not quite the case. But like I said, in the drill down view, because we are kind of a full platform, you can do group buys on things like feature gates and experiments as well. So looking at this feature gate, we can now see, okay, for the set of people who have the new feature and the set of people who don't, what does the conversion rate look like? And what makes this feature really powerful is that when you combine it with funnels, not only do you see the exact conversion rate, but you can also you also have an opportunity to see exactly where in the flow this feature is having the most impact. Right? So, obviously, we care about the overall conversion rate for purchase events, but we also it it would be interesting to know, okay, like, is having this new two step add to cart having the most effect on overall conversion rates. You can also do the same thing with things like experiments, holdouts, and segments. Another cool feature we just launched are conversion drivers. Often when you're looking at a funnel, one of the things that you care the most about is what's leading to outsized conversion or drop off in my funnel. And the way that people would do that normally is kind of just grouping by a bunch of different things and trying to figure out, okay, is there some factor, some property that leads to people converting or dropping off at a higher rate? And we wanted to make that easier, so we added a new feature called conversion drivers. You click here. And what this does is we do a lot of that in the background for you, and it helps you understand, okay, what are the factors that are leading to outsized conversion or outsized drop off? We're honest with you. When there are no drivers that are leading to outsized conversion, we just say no drivers found. But here, we're we see that there are some things that are leading to more pronounced drop off. One nice thing is that you can dig in and see kind of, like, okay, what's the correlate coefficient correlation or the co the correlation coefficient. Right now, this actually is a very weak correlation. You can kind of see this matrix of kind of four people who had this property and people who didn't. What is their, relative drop off in conversion rates? And when this is obviously demo data, so maybe not interesting. But on real data, it's often this saves a lot of time in trying to under understand why people are dropping off and converting because we will just do that in the background for you. And then once you have kind of, like, you're digging in, you can just click one button and then we'll apply that group by, and you can see, okay, what is this does this actually pan out? Does Mexico actually have a lower conversion rate? And, yeah, we can see that very slightly. They do. The other things that you can do in funnels are kind of we have this intuition that initial paths to a journey may be different than or materially different than kinda subsequent ones. So you can filter to the first time someone has done an event and build a funnel based off of that instead of just kind of grouping all journeys together. And then, also, you can compare like you can in at a step by step basis what this funnel looks like one day ago, seven days ago, or some other period ago. For companies that have a lot of events and you wanna speed up your funnel query, you can apply sampling. This is really useful, especially in funnels, because you still get the directionally correct answer without having to crunch through a hundred percent of the data, and it's just a really useful way in of speeding up your analysis. You can also filter bot data and kind of, like, only show legend, which is really useful for adding to a dashboard.