Hi, I'm Tyler Van Herren, an engineer here at Statsig, and today we're gonna be talking about getting your events and metrics into Statsig if you're using Statsig's cloud. Today we're gonna be talking about getting your events and metrics into Statsig when you're using Statsig's cloud offering. And so there's broadly a few different ways to do this, and what'll make most sense for you will probably be a bit dependent on how much infrastructure you already have in place. The sort of most direct way to do this is going to be using Statsig SDKs, which will sort of come in two forms. The first is if you're using one of our JavaScript SDKs in particular, there's already gonna be some auto capture events that you can enable or you can have There's already gonna be some auto capture events that you'll get by default unless you choose to disable them. And so those will give you sort of a really good baseline of just click events and things along those lines that can just help you broadly understand your user behavior. And then where it gets really interesting are going to be the things that you want to log pretty directly. What that'll look like is just calling dot log event on the StatsSeq SDK that you're using, whether that is client or server side, and just providing what event happened, what values associated with it, and then any metadata you might have. And so this could look something like saying, hey, a purchase event happened. It was a purchase for five dollars, and by the way, it was for this product and this product category, and things like that that might be useful for drilling into later on. And so again, that sort of SDK approach is gonna be the sort of simplest if you don't already have a lot of this set up. That being said, many of our customers are coming to us with a lot of this in place. And that'll sort of come in two levels of maturity. The first one that I'll hit on is if you are already logging stuff to Statsig using something like a Mixpanel or oh, I messed up. Alright. Beyond the folks, for the folks who already have things set up, there's gonna be sort of two levels of maturity we see there. The first is going to be folks that are already logging a lot of their stuff via one of these CDP providers, so to speak, such as a Mixpanel or a rudder stack or a Segment. This is a really common setup we see people have, where they're already logging a bunch of stuff here so that they can send it along its merry way to all sorts of tools that they might be using, Statsig being one of them. And so using RudderStack as an example, what this is really going to look like is just setting Statsig as a destination for your events, and then you'll get to do some interesting filtering on top of those events to make sure that you're only sending the types of things that you actually care about our way. That's going to allow you to really quickly get up to speed with the type of stuff you already have logged and all the work you've already done on the telemetry side there across your application, whether that is front end or back end. For that, once you have that connection set up, whether that's filtering that you're doing on that end or filtering you're doing in the Statsig side of house, you're able to restrict which things you actually care about to make sure that you're not sending wasteful material. The other thing that'll be really common for folks is they might already have a lot of this stuff in their warehouses. And that can take sort of two forms. The first are these event level things that we've been talking about for sending stuff through the Statsig SDK or sending things through like a segment to our router stack where it really is just representing here is a thing that happened. And there's some metadata around it that you can slice and dice and you can do interesting aggregations on top of. In Statsig, what that looks like is creating a metric on top of those events. That again does those interesting aggregations, whether that's I wanna know how many unique people did this thing in a given day or over the course of an experiment, or I wanna know the sum of this value, creating a custom metric on top of that is gonna be the way to go. But you might also find that you already have a lot of information getting calculated in your warehouse that you want to ingest to us at a metric level. What those tables are going to look like is going to be those types of things where you might already have a table that has for a given day, for a given user, for a given metric, they have a value of x. And then you'll be able to ingest that pretty directly into Statsig and make use of that. Again, while many people that are in that state often find themselves choosing to go to Statsig warehouse native, there's also plenty of folks who find it pretty convenient to just be able to upload that stuff to Statsig directly and have us sync it over to us. What that's going to look like really is just adding an ingestion pipeline from your provider of choice, wherever you might have your data today. I'll just use BigQuery as an example. And helping us make sure that alright, I won't click that button. I'll close that. Using BigQuery as an example. And what that's going to look like is it'll set up just making sure that we have the right permissions, whether that's from a service account or otherwise, again, depending a little bit per integration, and then adding some simple mappings around which tables we should be pulling from and how we should think about some of those columns. Again, that's going to be you telling us, hey, for a metric, these are the columns that represent a user ID or device ID or whatever ID type you care about in that instance. Here's the value column, here's maybe the name of that metric, things like that. And then similarly for an event, you'll be saying, hey, I have this big table of things that happened. Here is the column that is what thing happened, and then here's the different informational columns about it, as well as when it happened has some timestamp, and also who it happened for. And so that's gonna be sort of the most effective way if you're already pretty mature from a data perspective to make sure that you can just bring all that stuff into Statsig and be able to use it in all of the different experiments that folks are running. We're huge fans of being able to use sort of the business metrics you already care about in the context of experiments. Thanks.