Once you have created your metric source, the next step is to build your first metric. In the metric catalog service, click on the create button to create your new metric. In this example, we're going to call our first metric purchase revenue. You can also add a short description to provide more context about the metric you're creating, and also adding tags or attached to a team. But most importantly, you will need to select the metric source that you want to view this metric on top of. In this example, we are just going to use the metric source we just created from the last section of the course, my first login events. And then you can go ahead and click create. Once you land in the metric creation surface, to the left, you will see the option to choose your metric type. Under the drop down menu, Static offers a very wide range of different metric types to support different business use cases. For example, we have count metric, sum metric, unit count, which is essentially a We also have count distinct mean, first value, latest value, ratio metrics, and some other more advanced metric type like retention metric, funnel metric, and percentile metric. In this quick example, I'm just gonna create a simple sum metric to get you guys started. Under the source section, you will see the metric source which is selected popping up. But you also have the option to add multiple different sources. And Static will just do a union across different metric sources and conduct the aggregation over everything. In example, we will just stick with the one metric source that we have just set up. Under here, value column to sum, we will pick price USD as the value column we want to aggregate over. You also have the option to add filters to your metric source by using these icons. It can be directly using some buttons within the console, or you have the option to add SQL filters if you want. Now this will be a basic setup for your sum metric. Now go ahead and click on run query. On the right hand side, we will give you a few samples about how the data looks like from the metric source you have configured and also a preview of the metric value over time in the last thirty days. If everything looks correct to you, then we can moving on to the more advanced section of the metric configuration. The first one is the metric breakdowns. This is where you can set up the dimension that you'd like to analyze your metric results by. For example, in this case, we can pick product categories as the as a breakdown. Then whenever the scorecard are loaded or refreshed, Static will automatically precompute that segment data so you can view it directly in your scorecard. Under experiment settings, there are several additional options. You can do outlier management with either windsorization approach, or you can set a metric cap to capping the outliers. There are also several additional options. You can enable QPID, which is a variance reduction technique that helps you reach statistical significant results in your metric faster. By default, we will configure seven day look back window, but you can feel free to change it based on your own business context. Another option is to measure your sum metric as a threshold. This allows you to see what percentage of the user in your experiment has reached a certain threshold you have configured. You also have the option to apply a corporate window, which is useful for metrics like revenue. You might want to apply a measurement window, for example, like seven days revenue after the user's exposures. We also support baking windows. These are especially helpful for metrics that can take time to fully stabilize. For example, if you have a refund metric, the data might require one or two weeks to come in, so applying a baking window ensures you are looking at the results only after they are matured. Now this is just a a overview of the setup of a sum metric. There are also a lot of other different metric types, and different metric types may have slightly different advanced settings for different common use cases. But we usually will include these two tips throughout the interface to explain what each options does. And if you do want to dive deeper, feel free to click on the learn more button, which will link you to a detailed documentation for each feature we support. Now we can submit the metric for review, and your first metric is successfully created.