Hi. I'm Tyler Van Herron. I'm an engineer here at Statsig. And today, we're gonna be talking about using Statsig SDKs on the client side. In particular, we're gonna be making use of the Statsig React SDK today. And we'll sort of be going from having a super simple React app to actually integrating with the Statsig SDK, using it for things like having a gate, being able to log events, etcetera, and really taking you through that process. So to start us off here, I have a really simple React app. Really just here is our route. It has one request to to a node back end that it'll return, and then also has another component that is like some incrementer just so that we have something a little interactive. Right? And so we're gonna take this, and we're gonna start instrumenting it with stat sig. That'll let us do a number of interesting things. The first is sort of just control which features are available to folks using feature gates, start getting into how we could then do, like, deeper targeting or experiments on top of those, as well as talk about just, like, getting sort of basic instrumentation set up for my app here. The first thing you're going to need is, obviously, your app, but then also an account on stat sig. That will give you access to the SDK keys for your project, as well as let you start getting, you know, environments set up. The other thing you will need to do as part of this is just install the Statsig SDK. That's really just gonna be an NPM install like this. I've already run this particular command here, but just, you know, install it for your project. Once you've gone ahead and installed the stat sig react bindings, now we're actually good to go and start making use of it. In particular, the way the Statsig sort of React SDK works is we enclose your app in what we call a Statsig provider. You want this as close to the root of your app as possible. Really, it's just any children components of the provider are where you're going to be able to make use of stat sig. So generally speaking, as close to the root as possible is is sort of best there. So now that I have gone ahead and installed the React bindings, I can actually go ahead and do something like this where I go to my app, which, again, here at the root. I'm gonna go ahead and import the stat provider, and I'm just gonna wrap this with the stat provider in lowercase. There we go. There we go. The other thing that you're gonna need to put into the stat c provider is which, like, SDK key we're initializing with. You can find this by going in your project. And if you command k, you can actually search for things and get SDK keys keys. You can also find this by clicking on project settings and going into your keys and environments. Here, you'll see your sort of start off with a client SDK key that you can make use of here. In particular, for my project, it is this, but you should, of course, use your own. And you'll just pass that into the provider. That means that on your requests, we know it's for your project. Right? Now I'm sort of set to start using Statsig in its most basic form. The way I'll go ahead and do that is by doing something like this, where I'm going to make use of our hooks. It makes it really easy to access the static provider no matter where you are in your tree structure. So in one of my sections, I'm gonna do something like this where I just call the static client and, of course, import it like that. And now I have this client. And on that client, I can call Checkgate. So in this case, we're gonna go ahead and make a gate called something like show counter just to sort of control if this counter element is there or not. Once you've gone ahead and created your gate, it's really straightforward to go ahead and make use of that. You're just gonna take your client and call CheckGate on it. So for this one where I'm, like, saying I have gate that's going to see if someone should have access to this show counter. It'll just look something like this. In particular, you wanna copy this gate ID and make use of that. It'll just be sort of lowercase, underscored, etcetera. And now I have this counter behind the gate. Sort of by default, this gate will return false. I can sort of edit this gate to be that now. And if I go ahead and restart my app just to make sure it picks up that change that I added, the Statsy SDK, You'll see that, again, if I go to this app, yeah, it no longer has the counter there. And now I can go ahead into show counter and add a rule and say, hey, everyone should have access to this feature. A hundred percent of people should have my counter. Go ahead and save that. And then in a few seconds, Statsig will sort of pick up that change. And now the next time someone comes to this page, the counter's back. Again, now I just have this sort of nice on off switch that I can make use of, and that will sort of allow us to control who sees or doesn't see my counter. I can even check out diagnostics and see when folks are coming through and actually getting evaluated for this. So here, I can see a call to show counter, what user object I evaluate with evaluated with. In this case, it was empty. But with an every one hundred percent zero percent rule, that'll sort of allow you to just have that on off switch. The next place where this starts getting interesting is if I wanna start doing things like giving this to only certain people. So with that, we have the Static SDK initialized. I can make use of it for these pretty simple on off switches. The next topic we're gonna cover is actually going and providing more information about the user so that I can do more advanced targeting than just those pure on off switches. But, yeah, check out our next video for more on that topic. Thanks.