And then results are going to sort of be our home for actually understanding, is this moving my metrics in the way that I want it to? Again, this is a kind of information dense, but we actually find it very effective at communicating all of that information in a way that will hopefully become pretty natural pretty fast. The first section that we'll talk about is just like we have that hypothesis again that sort of is the grounding point for what we're talking about here. This exposures chart is just showing you how many unique units are in each of those groups and, like, how that is trending over time. Generally, this looks something like a curve that sort of flattens out as you have some users who are now repeat users and don't count as a net new user, whereas on first day, like, everyone is net new to that experiment and things along those lines. But your mileage may vary depending on your user traffic patterns. And then we'll actually see the metrics themselves. I'll go ahead and turn this only to one of our test groups just to have one less entry point. And so this is showing for those metrics that we talked about as being our primary metrics and for being our secondary metrics, what is this doing for those users? One thing that people get tripped up a little bit on, this is test, this is control. That is because we're talking about how is test doing relative to control. Is test performing better than control, or is test performing worse than control? The center of all of these bars is going to be that actual mean observed difference between test and control. And there's a few important things to call out there. The first is that it is a mean. This maybe surprises people a little bit sometimes. They might expect to just literally look at how many purchases happened in test and how many purchases happened in control. Whereas we will usually do some version of how many purchases happened per user in test versus how many purchases happened per user in control. We do that for a number of reasons. I think the most obvious reason why that makes sense to do is that, like we mentioned earlier, you can have these uneven splits. You're allowed to do something like run a seventy fivetwenty five test as your test setup. And in those types of scenarios, it doesn't make sense to say like, hey. That seventy five percent group is doing three times better than that twenty five percent group. Right? Like, it it it is an obviously unfair comparison, so we will, generally speaking, normalize for most metrics by the number of users in test versus control. And that'll be that observed numbers. There's a few metrics where that won't be the case. I'm just calling out if you see that. You can actually hover over this to sort of understand what we're using to normalize. I think particularly for certain ratio metrics, you might find that number is not exactly this number because there are some scenarios where, like, we're looking at a conversion rate metric. And so it only makes sense to look at users who had that first step of that conversion. This hover card in general, awesome resource for just, like, starting to peer into the math of what's happening here. You can also get the actual p value for all of our stats friends in the crowd if you want to see that yourself. There's also this explanation tab that sort of walks through what we're taking a look at here. And so while this is on the screen, I'll also explain what we're taking a look at here. Like mentioned, this center bar is that actual difference that, like, mean movement. And then the rest of it is going to represent the confidence interval. And so the way I like to phrase this, especially the people who maybe have less of a stats background, your rough guidance, if you don't have that stats background, it's just like, what is a reasonable range of outcomes to attribute to this experiment? Given that there is noise, what should I think about as what this thing is really doing? I think the technical stats version of this is sort of the opposite, where if I ran this experiment one hundred times, the true underlying result would be captured by each experiment's circle ninety five percent of the time with a ninety five percent CI. But I think for most folks saying, this is the range of outcomes I should view as this experiment is saying is reasonable for this is sort of what I would go with. And so if that entire range of outcomes does not include that there is a zero percent difference between test and control, We are saying there is a statistically significant difference between testing control, stat sake. It's where the name comes from. And so in cases where it is fully to the right of it, we feel confident that this thing has increased with a predefined confidence level that this thing has increased. If it is fully to the left, we feel confident that test has decreased this thing. And so if it includes zero percent, we do not feel comfortable saying that test is better or worse than control. Both sides have reasonable outcomes that, like, could reasonably be attributed to this. There are some metrics where down is good and up is bad, namely like perf metrics and things like that. So you can even tell us for that given metric, actually, I want you to color it green when it's down and a red when it's up, and we will happily do that as well just so that people can have that sort of nice glance value, so to speak. Taking a look at things, understanding are a bunch of things really good, really bad, what should my eyes be drawn towards, etcetera. Yeah, so that's sort of the basics of what we're looking at here. There's a lot more settings that you have at your disposal where you can do things like say, hey, instead of looking at over the lifetime of the experiment, I want to see what this looked like for a given day or things like that. And there will probably be a lot more noise there because you have less data points in each data point, so to speak, but you will be able to take a look at that sort of thing. This is really nice when there is a real life thing that happened that affected this experiment. I've seen cases where it's like a bug got shipped on day X, and we can go ahead and take a look at the daily chart, it's like, Wow, tests suddenly started performing really poorly on day X. The other one that I find really useful is days since exposure, particularly if you have a product where you're thinking a lot about novelty effects. In this case, we're actually not seeing that many novelty effects in particular, but this is a view of on a user's first day after seeing your experiment for the first time, how did test perform versus control? On the second day after the user saw your experiment for the first time, how did test perform versus control? And so, like, I was at Facebook prior to being at Statsig, and it was definitely the case there that if you just change the icon for something, people would click on it more for a few days, and then they would quickly realize, no. It's actually the same button. It always was. But it, like, it looked new. It looked novel. Right? And so when you take a look at these sort of things, you would have these, like, really nice spikes on the first day, and then it would taper off. You might have something where it takes a while for it to have its effect, and you might see sort of the opposite types of behavior. So this is a really cool view for just diving deeper into that. And then the way we can dive even deeper tends to be via Explore. Explore allows us to do a number of things. Number one is it allows us to go ahead and look at other types of metrics that maybe we didn't include in our scorecard. So maybe I didn't include those performance metrics. I can still go ahead and take a look at our performance metrics or our infra metrics. I can do those types of things. I can also do things where I'm, like, starting to segment out my results by different, like, attributes of users. So for instance, maybe I actually do wanna see how these results are different per region or per country or per operating system, things like that. And I can go ahead and say, okay, show me the iOS users and show me the Android users, and let's see how they're different. The note for those is we sort of crystallize those on the user's first exposure to the experiment because that might change as a result of the experiment. So we do crystallize those, so to speak. And so this is your tool to really dive deeper into them and to even look at more specific data ranges. If you want to look specifically at this window, you can do that via the Explorer as well. Cool.